Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're excited to pray with y'all. We have some things I want to share with you.
First, all glory to Jesus. We have no incidents today at all. And I just want to give God praise right now.
I believe it's the fervent prayers of the righteous that avail much.
It's because of you and me, and other prayer groups around the United States, that we're praying and changing things through the power of prayer and the authority of the believer.
We're able to pray for the shopping, that there were no casualties. We only had one major incident.
We pray for the family that lost their daughter in the tragic, terrible incident in Washington the day before Thanksgiving.
That was awful. And she went home; I pray she knew Jesus Christ.
That's why I try to tell you all the time, none of us are promised tomorrow.
I'm sure she didn't know that day that she would pass away and that the tragic thing was going to happen.
You never want to take this time for granted. Always look at the now.
Thank God that we have now and give your heart to Jesus Christ.
You must know Him. You must know that tomorrow's not promised. We pray for her family and for the loss.
I don't know if she had children or what, but that was a very sad situation.
I don't know if the other man passed away, but thank God it was not more. Thank God that today we didn't see anything.
I still have an urgency to pray over the shopping all through this season.
Continually praying over the economy, our nation, the nation's capital, and the White House tree ceremony with the lighting of the tree.
Praying over the Rockefeller Times Square tree ceremony—that's why that's behind us tonight—and continually lifting up New Year's Eve and all the holiday season, that no weapon formed against this nation shall prosper.
You always get the critics who say, 'Well, Brandon, don't you think we should have heard something?'No, 'no news is good news'in my opinion.
I don't care if we ever hear. I'm still going to stand on the wall. I'm going to still yell.
I'm going to tell you what's coming, what I see, and what the Lord keeps revealing to me: to pray for our nation and keep doing my job.
I believe if we do see major things like we saw in Washington DC, where one person passed away—I don't know if the other one's still alive—but that's a prayer fail.
We don't want anything to happen. I warned you the people have infiltrated this nation.
And this guy, for all the things being said that he worked for the CIA and that the Trump administration pardoned him, I'm still looking into that.
You don't know what's fake news and what's real news. So, I just try not to get into the conspiracies.
I want to start off with this, and this is my opinion. Everything that I say about this is my opinion, and it's not me telling you to do anything.
I want you to pray about everything I bring to you tonight and take it to God in prayer.
It's not an act of fear or worry; it's just what my wife and I do. We believe this, but I do not bring it up very often.
I talked to my mom on the phone today, and she was talking about some of the things she and my extended family do.
I thought, 'Well, I don't like talking about this stuff because a lot of people do not agree with it, especially in the circles that we're in.'But I'm going to talk about it.
I think it's wisdom sometimes just to present it. You do what you want with it, but that's what Diana and I do.
You're like, 'What is it, Brandon? Oh my god, it's a conspiracy.'No.
I want to talk to you about wheat and making homemade breads—shelf life for what I believe is coming.
You don't have to do this, but this is what Diana and I do. We believe in making this wheat.
It's just grains, but we've bought a mill and we make homemade breads. They're wheat berries.
We send them through the mill and we make the bread because all the bread we get at the store has lost all its nutrients.
It's trash. I'm just telling y'all, they bleach it. They do all kinds of terrible things to our breads; there are pesticides. We get this—it's organic. This is amazing stuff.
If you have constipation issues, we have found that if you eat this on a regular basis, it really rubs the walls of your colon and causes you to have bowel movements.
My daughter takes this wheat and she mills things for me: fresh muffins, fresh tortillas.
This has shelf life for the end times. You don't ever have to worry. We had friends talk to us about it.
I was asking God for an alternative to that survival food a big ministry in Branson sells.
I was looking at the content inside these buckets, this 30-year shelf-life food, and in the natural, folks, you maybe could eat it for a couple of weeks, but it's not good for you.
This stuff is bad. I know what the Father has told me is coming, and I know He's extended time and is doing things right by letting us pray for revival, but we all know the end times are coming.
People always ask me, 'Brandon, do you believe in storing food back?'I don't like, like I said, the 30-year shelf-life food.
It's not healthy. But wheat lasts if you have these tubs and tighten the lid to keep the oxygen off of it.
You can grind up the wheat and make fresh breads to take care of your family.
You can find YouTube videos if you search 'freshly milled flour'or 'freshly milled bread.'It talks about wheat berries, and a lot of people are doing it.
So, there are a lot of instructional videos of how to do it. I try to think of how you stay alive and take care of yourself if things were to happen and the grid was to go down.
Even for people who want to criticize, ', you said this, said that,'even FEMA and our government tell you to have at least a week's worth of food.
That's not stupid; that's just being prepared. People get all bent out of shape.
'Well, are you living in fear? You're not quoting the word.'No, I didn't say be stupid.
I said have enough that your family can be taken care of in case of an emergency.
Most people travel with a spare tire and jumper cables. Are you expecting to have a flat?
But you have it. I'm not anticipating a flat, but you have the spare tire.
I don't anticipate having one, but it's there for an emergency.
I don't anticipate having a dead battery, but you have jumper cables because of the emergency or roadside assistance.
For our insurance company, we buy extra for five bucks a month for AAA.
Whenever you call them, they come. I pay for the insurance just in case. Life insurance is there just in case, if you can afford it.
I don't anticipate dying, but if something were to happen, you want to make sure your family's taken care of. Life insurance is there.
Sometimes you get really persecuted in the Word of Faith charismatic circle for saying some of the stuff I'm telling you, but I'm trying to warn you.
I have seen a storm. We know that God is merciful and He'll take care of us, and we don't get in fear.
The Lord showed us that we would pray over our pots of food and that there would be stuff appearing and that there'll be supernatural provision when there is no provision.
But I believe you put your hand to the plow and you work, and God will bless your efforts.
Joseph stored food for the famine. There were seven years of plenty and seven years not.
He could have said, 'I don't really believe that.'What would have happened? So you just have to do what God tells you to do.
This is just one instance people ask me about all the time because we eat it anyway.
We love these muffins. It's not going to expire because we'll eat it before it does.
She makes homemade cakes with this; she makes pie crust pastry.
We make pie crusts and cakes and all kinds of things for birthdays.
This is so much healthier than eating a sack of flour from Walmart. There are good nutrients in this.
There are a lot of vitamins and minerals that they take out of your stuff because they mill it in the factory and bleach the flour.
Number two, I was praying and I said, 'Lord, I don't like all of the vegetables and stuff from the store.
I like organic. Teach me because it doesn't have a long shelf life.'If you learn how to can... I had a lady named Sherry. She was into canning food.
She learned how to can pot roast meals and stored her house full of that, which was pretty brilliant because she eats that.
She's a friend of ours from the old church. You get ideas that God will give you to sustain things, and you can eat it and rotate it out so you always have extra.
Then there are Tower Gardens. Now, Tower Gardens are very wise.
We have two of them, and you can grow your vegetables from these Tower Gardens that have lights on them.
You can have a backup in case the grid goes down that runs off solar power.
Solar power runs outside your house a little bit during the day so these lights shine during the winter.
They have little seed pods, and you can grow tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, cabbage, carrots, whatever.
It grows out of this and has a base where the water is always filtering up through it and feeds the plants what they need to sustain life.
If you do it right, it'll produce five pounds of food a week per garden. You go by how much your family may need.
Some say, 'Our family would eat 20 pounds of vegetables a week,'which is a lot. Ten for us. That's if you're just eating a vegan diet.
You can eat a lot of vegan with some bread and good grains and sustain your life.
We're not vegan, but meat takes cold to stay fresh. It's hard to keep meat fresh if the grid's down.
I have seen things about cyberattacks and electricity attacks where people are without this stuff for three and four weeks at a time.
We're praying against it, but if it were to happen, how could you sustain your hamburger?
How would you keep your freezer going? I have a generator. How long can you keep a generator going with gas or natural gas for a long period? You could run it every three hours, but what if it's longer?
I don't like to get into this because it becomes controversial for a lot of people, but I felt in my heart to do it tonight, and you can take it for what you want.
Having a Tower Garden running off solar and a battery generator... it's a little thing; it's a Jackery.
They have all different kinds of brands, but it's one of those little ones.
I think we do have a Jackery. It lasts hours, and you can run a microwave on it for four or five hours.
I think we paid like 800 bucks for it, and you can run your Tower Garden off of it and keep your plants alive.
I'm not telling you what you should do; I'm trying to tell you what we do because we eat it anyway.
It's not fear. It's good to eat vegetables and fresh bread. This is sustainable.
You can buy tubs of it, rotate it out, and I don't know how many loaves of bread you can make with this and muffins.
This turns into a lot. It expands when you mill it. It's fluffier.
It looks like very little, but when you grind it up, it turns into a lot.
If that was already milled, it would be a lot bigger. This right here is for backup, for power.
We're not selling the brand. I'm not trying to sponsor it; I'm just trying to tell you.
There are a lot of different brands that are amazing, but this is the one we got, and we plug our stuff into it.
We got it on sale off Amazon, maybe Black Friday, so they might have good deals going on right now.
We got solar panels and it charges it. In case of emergency, you put the solar panel out and it keeps stuff going.
I'm just trying to give alternative ideas for you. I don't like the 30-year shelf life food.
I don't think it's healthy for the body of Christ. If you believe in it and you sell it, that's on you.
I'm just trying to say: what are alternative ideas that could help you, things you're already consuming that aren't way out there?
The next thing would be chickens. Now, I know Sister Billie and her ministry; they have 30 chickens or more.
I mean, they have a lot of chickens. Her son Terry and the rest of them have chickens; they lay eggs out there, and they fish and hunt.
But we live in the city, so you can't kill deer, hunt, and fish because we don't have a place to go.
So, you have to think outside the box. If you live in a major city like Chicago or New York, what could you do in case of an emergency?
I bring all this up for a reason, but I just don't get into it. There's much you do not know that I do not say, but that I pray over.
I'm telling you now, there was a group of us in 2015 in our old church.
We got all into survivalism, and people got into saving things back. People get real flaky with it.
I never try to give advice, but I see these things and we pray over them.
I had one YouTuber say, 'You're saying that you cost people their houses and everything.'No, they sold their houses to downsize because they thought the economy was going to crash.
I didn't cause anybody to lose their house; it wasn't because of anything I said.
They were already preppers and were downsizing their homes.
Now, people try to say, 'Well, Brandon, you cost them their house.'I saw YouTube videos and I said, 'Are you kidding?
I never cost anybody their house.'They sold their houses because of things that we were talking about and praying over.
We were all in a prayer group; it's a church thing. It isn't on me. Adults are adults.
If you're an adult, you put your big boy or big girl pants on; I'm not responsible for your household.
But we pray. Now, if you're not a part of it, you automatically want to see...
like the other pastors, they don't like some of the stuff you're saying because they're seeker-friendly.
99% of the seeker-friendlies don't want to talk about this stuff, and they go, 'Well, you're causing fear.'So, shut up.
We don't want you talking in our church anymore. That's fine.
I have an opinion and I'm entitled to it, but I'm not telling you to do anything.
This is what we do, and people have asked. The other part was coins. I like old silver coins that are tradable.
Having things like this—this is a silver coin, an old coin from 1812.
Old coins like that are junk silver. I always try to think outside the box regarding bartering.
Well, if you have a chicken and I have a piece of silver, could I take this and barter with you to get a chicken?
Because I like chicken. And you can make a pot of noodles with this wheat.
You make noodles out of it, boil a chicken, and you have chicken noodle soup. It's all part of it.
And if you have change—I've found a lot of spare change in the past that would have old coins, like quarters from 1964 and older.
If you go on YouTube and search it, you'll see they're worth more than a quarter; they're worth a few dollars because they're still 90% silver.
So, having junk silver for bartering and trading is good. The other part is firearms.
I know it's controversial and people get upset with me, but I am a man who believes in the Second Amendment.
I believe that we have the right to bear arms and the right to defend your family. I do not back away from it or shy away from it.
I know there's a lot of Christians that get really upset at me about that, but my wife and I are very trained in protecting ourselves with our firearms.
You come through my front door uninvited and you kick it in, you won't be here the next day.
I'm just telling you where we are. Now, people don't like that, but that's the honest-to-God truth.
You kick in my door, you're not going to be here. You come in and try to hurt me, you're going to go home early.
I'll pray for you as you're dying, but you're going home. That's just the way it is.
People don't like that, but that's just where Diana and I are.
If that comes across to you like, 'Brandon, I can't believe you'd say that,'then this channel is not for you.
We're just trying to help you. That's the way we were raised; that's southern.
Even as a kid, we believed in shotguns, rifles, and AR-15s. I train my kids on how to shoot them. I know where we are in the last days.
I believe in praying for you and I believe in raising the dead, but if you touch my family, it's another story.
Don't mess with me. We pray for you and we love you, but you're not going to try to hurt us.
We'll give you a blessing, we'll pray for you, and maybe make you a loaf of bread, but we're going to do that part of what God has divvied out.
It's your job to hear God for yourself and to follow the Holy Ghost for yourself. It's not my job to babysit you.
I try to tell people that all the time, but they ask me, 'Brandon, what do you believe about these certain things?'So, this is what I had for you tonight.
We believe in the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms.
We believe in storing up and protecting our family for what I know is coming.
There is a storm coming, and many of you will not make it to the other side of that storm.
I believe we will see the birthing pains of where we are before the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Now, I know a lot of people do not want to hear that, but you need to.
'Well, the rapture is coming, Brandon.'Yes, but we're in the beginning of sorrows.
What do you think is going to come with those earthquakes in divers places, plagues, pestilence, wars, and rumors of wars?
All these things are the beginning of sorrows, but the end is not yet.
As I've tried to warn you about a plague coming, I saw the rioting.
I saw them killing people and doing whatever they could to get what you had.
That's why you don't tell everybody what you have or how much you have.
This way you keep your family safe. I'm trying to warn you ahead of time.
It's not bad to have a little bit extra, but I believe in healthy alternatives instead of the trash that people put back.
Ramen noodles are bad for you; it's not good to eat that all the time.
There are good alternatives for your health, like minerals and vitamins. The Lord has been on this health kick with me.
I don't know how many people we've lost, but that's what we wanted to tell you tonight.
Does anyone have any questions? I'll answer a couple. I'm not afraid of it, but I don't want you being bullies because of what we believe.
That's just us, and some people don't believe that way. You can have a pot of beans.
You can have some rice. I personally do not like a lot of rice.
I like beans, but I like my vegetables. I like my eggs. I like a bowl of oatmeal.
If I had to have it, oatmeal lasts a lot longer. And eggs, you have chickens.
I am talking about Billy's boy. They have chickens. My mom and dad like chickens.
People like chickens, but as I said, we do not have a place we can put chickens. We don't.
And I am sure our neighbors would not like hearing a rooster crow in the morning, but you can have a community.
Maybe it is like with our neighbor Mary Lynn and all these people.
You go, it is good to have a community that thinks alike. You are watching out for each other's backs.
If the grid were to go down and people were acting crazy, you would want to know who your neighbors are.
Our neighbors are nice. You go, well, do you trust them? I do not trust anybody, quite frankly, if they do not know Jesus Christ.
And even then, I do not even trust a lot of people. But you have to know who is around you. So, I do not know, folks.
I just thought I would tell you I believe in having a long gun, a handgun, and a shotgun.
And in our case, you say, well, why do you have the shotgun? For home defense.
You got a long gun for anything far out, and then you have the shotgun.
You have a handgun for close quarters. So, I do not know what else to say.
I think you covered it all. It covered it. Is that good? Did that answer any questions about what Brandon thinks?
They are asking about the grain mill. They are asking about stuff like that.
What kind of wheat you use? Tell them about the wheat we use. So, we do several different kinds.
We do ancient grains. We do hard wheat, soft, like hard white, soft white, hard red, soft red.
Kamut. I do not even know if I am saying that right. It is K-A-U-M-T.
I am probably spelling that wrong, but that is the one Brandon likes the most.
We do spelt. This is the Miller. This is the Miller we use, but it works.
There are others. I mean, this is just what I got. It is the Wonder Mill.
It has stuff from the kitchen on it. You can tell we use it. There is stuff in there, but it just sits here.
I do not know if you can see this. They make hand ones too, but the one that we use right now is just this one. And you put, let us see. There is a little hole right here.
And this thing right here, I do not know if I am holding it up high enough, but it turns for storage and you can turn it and open it.
And it has this little filter on the top of it. And then this, you can tell we just used it.
This is where the flour gets milled into. It comes through this hole right here and it goes in.
And this is just like a little filter to keep the dust so it does not expand everywhere.
It just helps it breathe. And then this is where it goes into right here.
And then I cannot keep it attached, but it stays attached. You pour whatever amount it is and it will expand.
So whatever amount you need of flour, there are all kinds of YouTube videos, but I think it about doubles or triples.
I cannot remember the math right now. This is the big bucket of flour that we keep.
We have a ton of these. But see this bucket? It is a huge bucket.
This is full of that wheat and it will last a long time because it is air sealed.
It is Bread Beckers. They have a bunch of YouTube videos on there.
If you go, it is a whole world. She has a lot of instructional videos.
This is the one she uses too on her videos. But we just keep it.
You can show them. You can grind it up right now. You just keep it on.
We are getting all educational up in here. This is like a whole cooking thing now.
But you pour it in here and you just turn it on. I keep it on just bread and that is it. It has like a little kick when it first turns on.
You just kind of hold it in place and it makes a big racket, but it does it really quickly.
The thing is that you only mill what you need because once you mill it, it expires.
So I think it only lasts about two days. You do not want to mill a whole bunch.
We only mill it when we are ready to cook it. Until then, we keep it in here.
Paisley grinds it all up and then she gets enough and she says, Daddy, I need to make more.
It grinds up in here. My bad. You can tell we are the ones that mill it.
It is Paisley and Mama's deal. I think that is cute. I am trying to help here.
This right here, that is how it stays attached, but it goes up in there.
It is kind of hard to show on camera, but it is fresh flour. You put a little bit in there and you can show them.
Can you plug it? Hey, you know what? We are having fun here tonight.
Okay, let us do this. We can pray. We can make a little bit. We will show you.
This is not a cooking channel. This is a prayer channel, but we are not trying to prep you either.
We are trying to tell you what we do because God put it on my heart to do it tonight.
So, you can listen or don't. Let us make sure it is in there. There it is.
Okay. Now, you put a little bit in here. Is it plugged in? Can they see it?
Oh, you are not supposed to do it until I turn it on. Oh, my bad.
Oh well, crud. Okay, let me dump it out. Just dump it out. Well, that is how not to do it. There you go.
You have to turn it on first and then you have to well, now I am going to have to vacuum the floor.
Oh, it is okay. We will see what happens. They say you are not supposed to, but we will see.
This is the comedian hour. You can do it. Ready? First, you have to start. It is loud. We will not be able to talk after we do this.
So, what I am doing is I am turning it on and then you dump it in and then you wait until it makes a certain noise.
It will get like it is revved up, a different pitch, and then you will know it is done.
Ready? I am going to turn on that. I cannot see the It sounds like a helicopter or an airplane.
It is something landing, folks. We got something landing up in here.
Do not ever, whenever it is on, take this off. We have done it, accidentally bumped it and it just goes.
Flour goes everywhere. So after you mill it and you got your fresh stuff.
Oh God. Now I told you it is a mess. Okay. Well, praise the Lord.
Here. See, look. Ain't that neat? And see, real flour is not white.
They bleach it. So, it is really I do not know if you can see it, but it is kind of red.
And it is all healthy. And the vitamins are in there. Can they see it?
When the government started taking out all of the flour, they started putting another man, I cannot remember.
It is on the videos if you search. But it is a certain vitamin. And it starts to make you sick if you do not have it.
And so they did not realize by removing it and doing certain things that by doing that they had to start bringing stuff into the bread.
People were getting anemic, or it was something they started getting some kind of illness, and that is when they found out that they had taken out unknowingly some kind of vitamin that this old when they used to mill the wheat that it has I forgot how many vitamins in it, but God designed.
You know, when Jesus said give us this day our daily bread, there was a lot more to it.
People do not realize what Jesus is saying. Having good bread that is good for your stomach, it is good for your body.
And I tell you, even Billy Burke loves this bread. There are so many people who love this bread, and we use honey to sweeten it.
You can get good honey, raw honey, like by the gallon. They sell them in gallons.
And then we also use a really good salt. It's called Redmond salt, which has a lot of healthy vitamins in it.
I know there's a lot of good salts, but that's just the one we use.
But this is what I believe is a lot of the reasons why the roughage for colon cancer and polyps.
Bromelain. They took out the bromelain tea. Someone knows about it.
That's right. Good job. The bromelain. But just trying to help y'all.
If you want to listen, fine. If you think it's boring, whatever.
But Brandon and Diana, we're just real with y'all. We just want to help.
And we pray and we ask the Father for certain things to help us.
And we said, 'God, give us wisdom for we know a storm is coming and I don't want stuff that is bad for my family for longer shelf life food.'How do we do this and maintain a healthy temple so that if there is a storm—which we always are believing there's not going to be, but I know there is going to be and I know in my spirit it's just a matter of time.
We know where we are in the end times and we know what he's told us to do and that's what Diana and I believe.
So hopefully that helped y'all. Did that help anybody? Say yes in the comments. We're curious.
Brandon, I'll always—there's a lot of prepper videos and if you go on YouTube, they are very organized preppers and they will get cans of food and then they separate it by expiration date and they eat it as they go or something.
But I'm just not that organized. Number two, now I'll tell you another thing—and I wasn't going to say this, but I'll say this.
Another thing that we're into is homemade kefir for probiotics. I love the grains of the kefir.
It's like cottage cheese, and I'll take a spoonful of those things.
It's full of probiotics. And we started watching about how to make homemade kefir.
And we take the whole milk. You have to have the mother, which is the starter.
You have to have that starter culture and then you set it out on the counter and there's a whole process—you can look on YouTube.
It gets thick and the kefir gets really thick and mushy, and for some people it takes a stomach for it.
But I'm telling you, for the probiotics that are in that kefir—that homemade kefir when we make it out of milk and we take those grains and you can eat the grains of that kefir—and Diana and I love eating homemade kefir.
Phenomenal. Number three, kombucha. I love making it homemade with the mushroom and I've created—and we got the GT's—the company out in California.
What are you talking about? No, the one how we started it. We don't make it—we don't have that now.
But I'm talking about the stuff that you have, it looks like a brain.
It's nasty. I forgot where we got it from. Yes, it's the liquid-based one.
But you dump it in there and it turns into a real batch of kombucha that is very good and it's full of probiotics and you can make strawberry, you can make cherry—there's all kinds of flavors and fun things that you can have outside of soda.
Now, this is another side I never let y'all in on. It's a SCOBY mother.
See, someone knows this. Yeah, there you go. SCOBY. I think that's how you say SCOBY.
SCOBY mother. That's right. There you go. She knows. Somebody already knows whoever this is.
So, good job. GT's is I believe the company. They're in California and yes, GT's.
I don't know why I thought it was something else, but I'm just trying to help y'all. We make our own kombucha.
We put it in bottles and sometime—I wasn't good at it for a long time, but we put on there—we make it, the ferment of the tea and do things.
And so I just try to tell you all things that help your gut. I believe a lot of the life and the health is in the gut.
The more you make your gut healthy, the more you're going to be healthy. There's the probiotics, the things that are in the gut.
It makes your mind feel better with seasonal depression and all kinds of things.
There's things that you can do to help yourself to be healthier.
And so I try to bring out some of these things because I'm always on the mission praying in the spirit, asking the Father how do we get better and live long and finish strong. And that's when he spoke to me about D3.
He spoke to me about goji berries and he said, 'Do you follow the berry that's on the mountain?'And I was in prayer and I had the visions and these are the things that, like I said, I don't bring public but I'm doing it a little bit tonight.
But he talks to me about health a lot. He talks to me about how to sustain your life.
And he said, 'Follow the berry that looks like that's on the mountain.'And it was a little thing.
And I didn't know it. I saw it in a vision. So I told her, I said, 'Goji berries.
What are these?'And the Lord said, 'There's much in this that you need to know.'So we found the raw goji berries and things like that.
And he talks about it. And then fish oils and—no, I don't want to because they're going to say I'm trying to sponsor the company.
The probiotics—say the generic—which one? Tell me the probiotics that you found. That's the strain of probiotics that you said this is.
You said, 'Brandon, you take this and you start praying about it and it has all the things to it,'and it's a new company.
Do you think that's wise to talk about it? I'm not sponsoring it. I don't know.
Because everybody will be trying to think I'm trying to sell them stuff.
I'm not trying to sell you nothing. I'm just trying to help y'all. It's things I get in prayer.
I intercede a lot, but the Lord shows me a lot more than what I tell y'all.
And we talk about a lot of stuff, but I let you in a little bit as we go.
But he talks to me about all kinds of things. You only see a bit of two hours. We have conversations with the Lord like this all day long.
And people go, 'I ain't never heard nobody do that before,'because we don't let nobody in our circle and I keep my business my business.
We search a lot and we study and we pray in the spirit and God shows you how to sustain life and things.
So being led. Yeah. There you go. But it's just interesting.
But because of the Holy Ghost, we have a lot of—he shows us a lot of stuff, a wealth of knowledge.
I'm just looking at the comments because there's so many people that know a lot of things and they're saying all the things like, 'This is good.
This is good.'And I want to screenshot it. Diana's want to research all your information.
Y'all are really educated. Are you recording that? Don't let it go.
Because if there's something on there, we can maybe learn something from somebody else.
I know. Y'all are really, really smart. I glean a lot of stuff from the comments, too.
So, this tower garden is what? That's what it's called. Tower Garden. They have other manufacturers.
If you just put Tower Garden probably on Amazon or eBay or whatever, but the specific one we use is called Tower Garden.
And we got it from a subscriber—a lady gave us the idea. And she sent an email to us and she told us all about it.
She blessed us with one and she said, 'Hey, I feel led to help you.'So, she told us all about it because I'm always trying to—I pray, but the Lord will send people your way and the Lord sent this lady and I won't tell your name on here because I always try to protect people, but you come across people that have a lot of wisdom and we keep praying over it and asking, 'God, is that you?'Because we don't want to be doing anything flaky, but then we find out there's something to that—something to it, there's something to this.
Hold on a minute. You know, nuggets and things that God gives us.
So, 41 minutes. Too long. How was that? Did you all enjoy that? That was a fun video. It was kind of fun.
Having things for your family, having letters for when the rapture of the church takes place so they know where you went.
You know, we'll have scoffers and people in the family that won't make it, and I truly believe they'll know.
I remember when my cousin said that. I remember thinking, 'Let's go to his house to see if he had anything.'I have stuff set apart.
I have an airtight tube; you can bury it and use it. It has enough room for fire starters and supplies for when the tribulation starts.
You have a sawed-off shotgun, one of those shotguns that are handle shotguns.
It has enough room in there that you can put it in, with enough ammo for them to survive the first couple of months to get their supplies before all hell breaks out.
Do you understand? I'm telling you, I went to the Tribulation with the Lord, and when I saw what happens the moment the church—the restrainer—is removed, the body of Christ...
you don't realize the prayer covering we bring to this earth.
That's why I don't understand anybody who says we're going through the tribulation.
For one, you don't know your authority; you don't understand who we are and what we are able to do.
The body of Christ is the great restrainer, and we are able to bind and loose and do all these things.
If we do what we're called to do, the enemy can't move around.
That's why the Lord said, 'Brandon, I called you to pray for the nations.'When you assemble the hundreds of thousands of people that come here on a day-to-day basis, you will change governments and change things.
So, if you have that power and authority—if we're seated with Him, as He is, so are we in this world—if we have that, how do you think the Antichrist is going to step on the scene if there are millions of us praying and agreeing?
He can't do it. Why? Because we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ, and He lives on the inside of us.
As He is, so are we in this world. We are able to do exceedingly abundantly above. The healing power of God flows on the inside of us.
So when we're removed and taken out of here by the rapture of the church and that restrainer is not there anymore—the Holy Ghost in us, the church—all hell is going to break loose.
I'm telling you, it's people rioting and pillaging and acting crazy.
The Antichrist comes on with the plan: 'Hey, I've got a... we're going to make peace.
We're going to do all this stuff.'Then the mark of the beast comes out, the satellite Neuralink, all these things.
And people go, 'Brandon, are you telling me that Elon Musk is the Antichrist?'No, he is the Antichrist's helper.
He's creating the platform for the Antichrist to use, and he probably doesn't even know it.
But somebody had to do it. Why? Because the word said it was coming. So anybody, if you yield to it...
like I told you, I don't believe he's listening to Nephilim stuff.
He's not entirely human, man. He's too smart. This guy's off in another world.
I truly believe he is bringing forth that beast system with the chips, with the satellite Starlink—all these things are being brought to the forefront.
A One World Order, a digital currency, AI technology—it's all happening.
Jesus Christ is coming. The word of God is coming to pass. It's happening right in front of your face.
But many people are like a frog in the pot and they don't even realize the water is rising.
The temperature is rising. But I believe we will see some things before the coming of the Lord.
It's a great shaking to awaken, and it will feel just like Rick Renner said; it will feel like we're in the tribulation before the tribulation starts.
And that's what He showed me about Canada. He said, 'Many of you in Canada will feel like you're already in tribulation, for there will be an olive press.
The olives will be on the olive press and the pressure will come on the church so strong that new olive oil will start to flow from the pressure that's coming on the church worldwide.'The greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God is coming out of hard times.
I've told you that over and over again and people don't want to hear it.
I said a shaking to awaken, and many people will say in the days ahead, by the Spirit of God, 'I tried to warn you that this is an Ichabod—the glory has departed.'Many people will say that we're in judgment now, that the tribulation has started now, but I'm telling you it has not.
What you're about to see is a major awakening, a major awakening unto God, a shaking in the church. A man called me last night.
'What's the word, man of God, for the year 2026?'So far, I have not gotten a whole word for 2026 yet, but the things I get in pieces...
he said 1 Corinthians 5:5 is about 2026. 1 Corinthians 5:5—that's the scripture He's given me for 2026 so far.
And political theater, political drama. They'll say to impeach, impeach again.
They'll try to rise up with a lot of political drama—the judges and all the things—and praying for President Trump's safety.
Then He's showing me massive black swan events, terrorist attacks, major shakings in our nation because of the Biden administration allowing all these illegal people to come across our border that had ill intentions for our nation.
And thank God the Lord said, 'In the days ahead, Brandon, you will be so thankful that President Trump is here.'Even more so, the people will be so grateful for what will bring peace and stability in our area because of him, because of what's coming.
A major shaking is coming to our nation. He keeps talking about the fires. And I had one major pastor say, 'I know who he saw.
This guy sees more visions and things in the spirit than even the disciples, so I'm really leery of him.'And I asked the Lord, I said, 'Lord, you do show me a lot.
We talk about things a lot. We have a great relationship.'He said, 'Brandon, this is an end-time gifting that's never been before.
Do you remember I told you there were mantles that people would walk in that haven't ever walked the earth before for the end time, for such a time as this?
They're comparing you to the Old Testament, but you're not in the Old Testament, son; you're in the New Testament.
I'm going to do a new thing that the world has never seen before in people that will show up and show off, all to My glory, not yours.'I told you I'll never share it with any of you, but I'm about to do something in you and in other people that has never been seen before, and it will become more.
Even a prophetic word that I received here lately from a minister, he said, 'The Lord told me to come and lay hands on you because you're going to change your name in the spirit—that you're no longer Brandon Biggs, but you are Brother Seymour.'He said, 'Because you're going to start to see even more by the Spirit of God in the days ahead, and it will become accurate, and you will walk in the prophetic like we've never seen.
It will be called to call you Brother Seymour.'And he laid hands on me and the fire of God went through my body and knocked me down.
I think I was down for over 35 or 40 minutes. I couldn't move and the Holy Ghost and fire came all over me that day.
That just happened not too long ago. You're Joel chapter 2. Fulfilled. He said you're going to start to see more.
You think you've seen what you've seen, but you're going to see even more, but it will line up with scripture.
There'll be scriptures to back and verify the things that God's showing you concerning the Tribulation.
And folks, that word was given to me in October and it's already happening.
When the angel of the Lord stood right there in that portal and he came, he said, 'I've been assigned to you for now.'He gave me these other things.
He said, 'For what's about to happen in your ministry, there's an appointed time.
I've come ahead of time to prepare you for what the Spirit of the Lord is about to tell you for the nation, son.'When the Lord visited me, I said, 'I'll do whatever I can do to help.'So when he came on tonight, he told me—and I talked to my mom earlier and they were talking about the wheat and all this stuff—and I said, 'I don't like talking about all that stuff.'But he said, 'Brandon, I want you to do it.'I said, 'Okay.'I talked to her; she's into prepping and stuff and she asks, 'Why don't people talk about this in the body of Christ?'I said, 'Because quite frankly, I don't want to talk about this stuff.'Well, okay, Father.
After I got off the phone, I was in there praying and I said, 'Lord, let me talk about...'He said, 'Get that wheat and talk about it for just one time.
Warn them one time and don't bring it up again. If you want to have ears to hear, let the Spirit of the Lord tell you.
If it witnesses with you, fine. But I'm not telling you to buy wheat.
You can do what you want to do with it, but I'm trying to warn you all.
A storm's coming in 2026. Shaking. Financial shaking. Things are shaking.
But He said, 'I'll bring a financial outpouring on My bride, on My people.
1% will walk in the end-time wealth transfer—the ones that I can trust.'But if you don't have a heart after Me, I'm not going to share My secrets with you.
Show the fountain and the secrets in the deep. Read out loud.
Genesis 7:11: 'The fountains of the great deep were broken up and the windows of heaven were open.'He said He'll show you the treasures.
He'll give you the treasures. I know which one you're talking about; you're on the right road.
Isaiah 45:3: 'And I will give thee the treasures of darkness and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the Lord, which call thee by thy name, am the God of Israel.'So He's going to give you the secret things, the hidden things in darkness.
That's what He's talking to me about. He said, 'You won't be able to share everything all the time anymore on this channel.'I said, 'Why?'He said because some things I don't want shared publicly anymore.
And He said, 'I cannot do anything in the earth unless I come and reveal it to the prophetic voices first.
For not everything is for public ears.'I just have to do this because this is what I said I would do in My word and I'll never deviate from the word ever.
The word is the foundation. I will show things to come that will not be able to be spoken anymore.
He said, 'For I will come and give the word just because that's what I said I would do in My word.'I said, 'Okay, I get it.'God stands by what He said in His word.
Period. In every area of your life—spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally—the Word of God is the foundation.
If you find the truth, the truth will set you free. In every area of your life, the Word needs to be the priority.
No matter what you're doing in life, find scripture that pertains to what you're going through.
Diana and I talk about it all the time. I said, 'What does the word say?'Whatever the word says, babe, that's what we'll go by.
If the word says it and God backs it in His word, that settles it.
If it's against the word, you know it's not God. God always backs and verifies His word.
So to the people out there, He said, 'The old men will dream dreams and the young men will have visions.'Joel chapter 2. So guess what?
I'm going to have more visions because even the prophetic words I'm getting say, 'Brandon, you're going to see more.'I said, 'Well, I already see a lot.'And He said, 'But you're going to see even more.
It's the end times. It's something we've never seen before.'I'll yield to what You say.
I was excited about the things that the Lord is saying. Number two, I want you all to pray about this with me.
I got invited to the White House for the Christmas party. I'm not into all that, but I thought it was pretty neat that they would consider me.
I told them I wouldn't go unless Diana came. I'm not into political stuff, but the Lord already warned me that I would talk to President Trump.
I thought it was kind of neat that they asked me—Paula White and them.
I'm flattered by it, but I told them no. I thought it was nice that they invited me.
I would like to talk to President Trump. There's things that I've seen about him that I have not shared publicly.
I think things like that are an honor, but I never want to go without my wife.
I told her if I only have one ticket, I won't go because I won't leave her.
It was an honor to be invited to talk to President Trump. I'm not into all that. I always do what God's told me to do on this channel.
For somebody like me—they even told me, 'You'll never speak from our platform at our old church.
You're a janitor. You'll always be a janitor.'To get a call like that is real humbling.
You just keep pushing. You don't give up on what God told you to do. I was like, 'Wow, Lord, could that be me?
You want me to go to the White House?'Even the pastor from Miami—I just keep doing the prayer channel and pushing through the persecution, the hate, and the threats.
It's so honoring whenever the Lord tips His hat to you regardless.
I thought, well, maybe the man said Melania would be there and they'd have dinner.
I'm just emotional about it because people don't realize where I was not even five years ago—cleaning toilets.
And you look at what God has done. Never forget where you come from. I never dreamed that this would turn into what it has.
People say, 'Man, you're changing my life.'But I'm just doing what I've always done since I was 16 years old.
My mom and dad put me at the church down in Texas, working for that mega-ministry and watching Pastor Terri and them and learning how to pray.
I was just hungry. I had learning disabilities. I couldn't read.
I couldn't write. And I was so desperate because I wanted a family.
I knew that the only way I could do it was if Jesus touched my life, and she helped me get my GED and everything. It was a struggle, and it's always been a struggle.
But when I started this and I was obedient to what he told me to do—it's amazing whenever you get a call like that last night on Thanksgiving.
It's interesting, but you know, it's just us, like I said, but I turned it down.
I told him I'd go, maybe if she'd go. I pray about it, but I'm just like—this whole thing's big for me.
I just go, 'God is so good,'but I'd love to talk to President Trump and tell him what Jesus has said is coming to this nation.
We must be prepared for what's about to take place. And it's all to the glory of God.
So, enough crying like a big baby. But it's pretty neat for Brandon Biggs.
All glory to Jesus. So, that's what we had today. Let me pray for y'all.
You want to pray with us and go tubing for a little bit? I'll go into that White House.
I don't think they know what to do with me. They go, 'You need to sit outside.'Bring the Holy Ghost fire.
I believe the fire is coming. We're going to talk about President Trump.
He said, 'You can pray for him and talk to him.'He said, 'You'll even have a time to talk to him.'And I thought, 'What would I say in front of the President of the United States of America?
What would God want me to say?'Isn't that wild? He'll be with you. Yeah.
If that ended up happening, I'd talk to him about the Holy Ghost or whatever is coming.
But isn't that amazing? The janitor. Wow. It's just a president; I get it. He's just a man. But it's not.
It's the point of so much rejection for so long, and then God tips his hat to you and says, 'I put a hand on you now.
You're going to stand in front of kings and you're going to speak to them, boy, and I want you to tell them what I tell you, and you're going to do it with boldness and signs will follow you.'I say, 'Okay.'I can even tell you the day that Jesus showed up and told us this.
It was January 17th of this year. He came into the house and the prophetic word—the fire of God filled our whole home and our whole living room—and he said, 'You'll stand in front of President Trump soon, and when you do, these are the words.'And he gave us a huge word; it lasted over an hour.
We listened to it last night and I wept because every single thing that Jesus said on January 17th is starting to come to pass.
I said, 'Look at that.'Rayne said, 'That was such a cool time with the Lord that night.'I said, 'Yeah, it was.'I don't know.
You talking about the bamboo? That was good. It was amazing. The word that he gave was amazing.
Maybe one day I'll bring parts of it on here, but some of these things are so private for us when Jesus visits like that.
I just go, 'Oh, it's the times that I never talk about until today.'And I go, 'You know, it's visitations and manifestations of the glory.'It's whenever that presence changes you from the inside out.
It's impartation. And most people will never get it because they're so jealous and so bent on themselves.
They reserve too much room for themselves. They don't want him.
They want fame. They want money. They want clout with churches.
Most people want that. 'How much money do I have in the bank? I want a brand new jet.
I want a big house by the beach. I want to wear all Armani or Gucci or whatever.
I got a brand new Ferrari.'They're so caught up with the fame of it that that's why the Lord doesn't come and visit you.
He's so over that, isn't he? And if the things have you, he doesn't have you.
If it's important enough for you to get to talk to President Trump, most people say, 'You're crazy.
Why would you not go?'I've heard that a lot. 'Are you kidding me?
You say no? Are you out of your mind?'I'm with Jesus. It doesn't matter to me.
I think it'd be kind of cool; I'd take a selfie with him. 'Thank you, Mr.
President, for making America great again.'I'm like, 'Mr.
President, I pray for you more than any other president.'I intercede for you all day long, praying for you, praying for your wife, for your marriage, for your health.
It's been a lot of work. I'd just like to take a selfie with him for memories.
Be like, 'I remember you.'I don't know; all glory to Jesus. It's been a really interesting year, hasn't it?
99.9% of the time, we always say no. I'm not going. And we've been invited to some of the biggest conferences in the world, and every single time we say no.
It's not about us. It's about him. They say, 'Do you want to come and preach?
You'll preach in front of 100,000 people.'I say, 'I don't care. It's not about me.
It's about him.''But we're offering you money.'No, I'm not interested.
Even when I turned that down last night, I said, 'If she can't go, I'm not interested.'She goes, 'What did you do?
Baby, are you sure? Is that God?'I said, 'Oh, but I couldn't leave my friend.'But isn't Jesus wonderful?
I love you. It's the truth, though. It's just where I'm at. Nothing else matters to me.
But it's interesting. Isn't that interesting? Maybe you go, 'Shut up, Brandon.
You're bragging.'I'm not bragging. I'm just being real. I try to be real and personable with all y'all.
I want it to be achievable to you. There's so much religion and so many upper leaders that make it so unachievable.
Jesus is 'out here,'but he's right here. He wants to become more real to you than your next breath.
And when you get real with God, God will become real to you. But most people will never see that because God is some hermeneutical, theosophical debate.
But God is personal. And he'll become real to you. And he'll visit you like he visits us. He'll show angels and visions.
And most people, like I said, you have huge ministers, they get mad that you see all that you see.
And they go, 'How come you see all this stuff? It has to be made up, brother.
The disciples didn't even see all that you see.'And I say, 'I don't know.
I can't answer that. All I know is that I seek him and he becomes real to me.
Obviously, they think there's something to what I'm seeing.'There's a lot more that I cannot tell you.
But you understand, whenever you're uncovering things that are very accurate concerning to the terrorist threats concerning this nation, you go, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?'It's Jesus.
We attract to deflect. We go vertical. We keep our eyes on him because man's praise will change like the waves.
Everybody will go... even the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, you'll say things that they hate you for.
They're going to hate you in the days ahead. I've not even given you some of the hard things yet.
But you'll stand and people will abandon you, just like they did Jeremiah.'"They'll want to stone you.
They'll want to hurt you."I said, "Yes, but I do it all for His glory."That's what I said.
That's when Jesus pointed His finger at me and He said, "Are you willing to die for me?
If you were willing to die for me, I'd die for you."But in my heart, fear was in there. I thought, "What are you willing to do for Jesus?
How bad, how hungry, how desperate are you for Him in these last days?"It's so real.
But there's so many people that have no idea how close He is to coming.
Jesus Christ is coming. And people go, "Well, I don't believe that."That's your problem. He's coming.
He tells me all the time, "Tell them I'm coming."I say, "Yeah, I know, Lord.""No, you don't. There's not enough urgency in the body of Christ.
If you truly believe it, there would be more urgency."I try to tell them, but He said, "There's not enough urgency, son.
If you really believed I was coming."It's like Mondo said, "Brandon, when do you think He's really coming?"I said, "I believe, looking for Him for 2028.
I'm believing for 2028 for the Shemitah cycle that Jesus Christ is coming."He said, "I'm giving you a window of opportunity.
I believe that we can see Him in September of 2028."I believe we have a great opportunity, that we have a small little window here.
Now, if we're here longer, then we occupy until He comes. But that's my goal and my heart is believing for September 2028.
On my own, I never quote a date. That's why I'm believing for you all; I'm just being real.
That's what I tried to say. But there's a lot that can happen just in a year.
A lot can happen in two years. It's almost three years to the fall of 2028.
Because that would be almost 2029. So that's why He said, "You have three years and one month left.
What will you do with this time I've given you?"He updates it all the time. "What will you do with the time I have given you?
I've given the church a reprieve."He says it all the time to me, "Brandon, I've given the church a reprieve.
What will you do with it? The clock is ticking. What are you going to do with it, church?"I said, "I don't know."Okay, give the altar call.
We're already an hour and a half into this. Father, we just thank You for Your body.
No matter how it looks to the world, Father, we don't care. We're dead to it.
They can mock, they can laugh, but Father, we pray for them. You said, "Pray for those that despitefully use you.
Pray for those that mock you. Pray for those that make fun of you."I don't care; they're going to talk and do whatever they want to do.
That's on them, but they're full of the devil. Father, I ask You to bless them tonight.
Bless those that despitefully use, mock, and ridicule. Thank You, Father.
I thank You, Lord, that You become so real to them. I ask You, Father, to become more real to me every day.
And Father, let Jesus Christ be Lord over my house. We thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken.
We thank You, Lord, that You became sickness and disease for us, and that we're healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus.
We thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against us would prosper, that every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus. We thank You, Lord, that healing and wholeness and wellness is ours.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise for all that You've done and all that You continue to do through this channel.
And we thank You, Lord, for every person that's represented here tonight, that they are healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. Lord, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us. We repent of our sins and we thank You, Father. We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank You, Father, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
I plead the blood over anything You want to show me tonight. We thank You, Lord, for Your hand on us.
And we give You praise and glory and honor in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
You know, it's already really late. Like I said, if you all want to go tubing, we can, but it's kind of late.
All 5,700 of you, if you're interested, we'll pray. If not, you can go on your way.
I just wanted to share my heart about the flower tonight. Did that bless them?
Yes. Okay, let's pray. Father, we just love You. We praise You, Father.
We adore You and we glorify Your name in all the earth. We magnify Your name in all the earth.
I feel His presence so strong. We praise You, Father. We give You glory and honor, Lord.
And if there's anything You want to show us tonight, if there's anything You want us to see, we yield ourselves to You.
Have Your own way, Lord. You are the potter, we are the clay. Mold me and make me after Thy will, while my heart is willing and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord. Search me and try me, Savior today. Wash me just now, Lord, as in Thy presence humbly I bow.
Have Thy own way, Lord. Thou art the potter, I am the clay. Mold me and make me after Thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
There's something so powerful to that. Have Thy own way, Lord. You are the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Lord, You are the potter, we are the clay. Only believe. All things are possible, only believe.
Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. I see it.
I was waiting on the Spirit, and He's saying, I see it in a vision.
He said, "Remind them again, son, tonight that the tent revivals are coming back.
Remind them again, the old, like Woodstock with the Holy Ghost.
Woodstock's coming back, but it won't just be in America. This will be a worldwide event.
Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe."He's taking the cap off revival.
It's coming off the reserves. Have church prayer at your services. More prayer. I see church gatherings with prayer groups.
There might just be a few of them there; I see five people in some, and I see people with a lot more in others.
But He said, "Prayer, prayer, prayer, much prayer for this revival that's about to take place."I see prayer.
I see the White House and the glory's there. And the glory is there. The house that they call White, the glory is there.
He's visiting President Trump in a way that He has never visited a president before.
I'm telling you, there are great days in store. For I will show up from shore to shore.
Cro, it's time for you to come up higher in your prayer time with Me.
For the demonstrations and the manifestations, you will see a greater level of the glory flow through you and me.
He's saying, "I see President Trump coming right by His side.
A great glory will flow inside the manifestations that you've longed to see on this nation.
I see him on his knees in the Oval Office."Jesus Christ of Nazareth is going to visit him.
He's going to have a visitation from the Lord and the Secret Service will not be able to come in.
That's how glorious it will feel. The presence of the Lord will be in this White House.
They will all fall prostrate at the glory, but you won't hear about it on the national news. The glory of the Lord will fill the White House.
I'm talking about the Secret Service; these men are dressed in black-looking outfits and they're all going to get born again.
This is going to be something that's going to shake the nations.
The glory of God is going to visit President Trump. He's doing this for a reason, for such a time as this.
He's called him for such a time as this. And the glory of the Lord will come on this nation.
Expect a miracle. Father, I thank You, Lord. I anticipate the inevitable supernatural.
People try to come against you in the spirit realm. I think the angel of the Lord is so serious about all this.
They don't have a clue what's about to take place. A great shaking is coming.
You'll see some people that have come against the body of Christ; they're just going to go home like Ananias and Sapphira right there.
You're going to see people that have spoken out; God's grace has been on them, but you're going to see the attacks of words that they've spoken and judgment is coming.
The Lord says they're going to fall over dead right there in their chairs.
They're going straight to hell. Persecution comes for the word's sake.
But the Lord said, "Touch not My anointed and do My prophets no harm."He's warning about this.
They're opening the door and there's going to be great judgment starting to set in because you're standing in the way of what God is trying to do in this last day.
I heard Him say, "Tell them and warn them. They're watching you right now. You're standing in the way.
You're speaking out against what God's trying to do in these last days."The Lord said, "Seedtime and harvest, the manifestation of what you're doing—you're about to meet the maker of hell."Satan didn't make hell, but it is his domain.
You stand against what God's trying to do and God's about to remove you. Grace is up. God is out of time.
I keep seeing in the spirit realm many of these pricks who stand against and try to be thorns. The grace is coming off.
They stand against people with the occult; they stand against the body of Christ and the president.
You're about to see 1 Corinthians 5:5 in 2026. I want to be on the glory side.
Father, we want to be on Your side of things, helping and not standing against what You're trying to do.
They think they're right, but I'm telling you it's going to happen overnight.
It's very serious what I'm hearing. He's talking about seedtime and harvest.
Only believe; all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Thank You, Father, for the Holy Ghost.
We thank You, Lord, for Your angels, Your goodness, and Your mercy.
Thank You, Lord, that You have protected this nation so far.
Father, over the tree lighting ceremony tomorrow night, we thank You, Lord, that You protect President Trump.
We protect Kai any kind of attack, any kind of planned event.
We call forth the glory of the Lord. We pray for the angels of the Lord.
Father, we thank You in the name of Jesus. We call our nation's capital covered. We call Paris covered.
Father, we thank You that every believer represented here from Europe is praying over their areas.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for Your divine protection over Europe, over France, Germany, and England.
Father, we thank You for Your divine protection over these areas in the name of Jesus, that every plan, every plot, and every kind of mass casualty event trying to come against our nations is brought to naught tonight in Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around us.
We thank You, Father, for doing all You did today, that no Black Friday shoppers got hurt.
We thank You, Lord, for divine protection over this nation, over the football games, the bowl games, the Rose Bowl parade, and all the major events we have as a nation.
We enter into 2026 with great expectation. Regarding Rockefeller Center next Wednesday, Father, I thank You that it is protected, that every single plot is cancelled in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for the parade that was protected and that no one was hurt.
We thank You, Lord, for all the FBI, law enforcement, and Homeland Security. Father, I thank you, Lord, for our NSA.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our TSA, all of the major protection, all the stuff that goes on behind the scenes that we don't even know about.
Father, we thank you for supernatural wisdom over our law enforcement in Jesus'name. We give you praise, glory, and honor for it.
We give you praise, glory, and honor, Father, that you have your way over our nation; Father, that your hand is on our nation in Jesus'name.
Your hand is on us, you're protecting us, you're watching over us.
The blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet—over our president, over his arteries, over his body in Jesus'name.
We plead the blood over everything, over the reports. What was that—the things that are going on in the nation?
Is there anything I need to see? You sent it to me. No, just about Ukrainian stuff and I showed you. What about it, baby?
About how they're trying to investigate the guy that's next to Zelenskyy and he resigned because they're investigating his money or something about the money laundering, and then Germany warns Russia could attack NATO by 2029.
Yeah, we all know; I told you he was holding his cards waiting for Trump to get out of office.
Father, I thank you, Lord. We give you praise, Father. We have just rested at your feet.
We thank you, Father, for all that you have for us. Everything good and perfect thing comes from the Father.
We worship you, Father. We magnify you, Father. We thank you, Jesus.
President Trump—the glory of the Lord visited him. The glory of the Lord is visiting our president.
We pray for the glory of the Lord visiting our president. We call the major fire of God to visit him.
We call forth, Father, the glory of the Lord. We call a major manifestation of the glory of the Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for everything you say—that the greater works we will do, the manifestation of the glory through you.
We thank you, Lord. We lift him up before you, Father, including JD Vance, Melania, and his other wife. We call forth protection, the glory of the Lord on JD Vance.
Father, that there would be a shaking to awaken inside of him, that he would come up in a higher relationship with you, a greater manifestation of the glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that everything you have in store for this nation is not finished yet.
Thank you for praying with me, baby. We're here. I feel a great push; we're pushing through and I feel it for President Trump.
I'm telling you, there's a major move of God on his heart. Through the waves of persecution, the persecutors are weary, and he's on another level.
But the Lord is bringing a refreshing to our president to bring a refreshing over his mind, a refreshing over his marriage, a refreshing over him that he finishes strong.
It's not something that people go, 'Well, whatever.'No, I believe with all my heart that God is going to do something great with him.
We call forth every plot, every plan against our subways—with the man that I saw with the little beanie, that thing on his head, with the white thing and the robe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're exposing them with the backpack bombs.
We say in the name of Jesus, every plot, every plan against our subways—New York subways—around the river, the East River, around the Hudson, around all these areas.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's a manifestation of the glory to expose the darkness of these Muslim Brotherhood backpack bombers.
Father, we call them exposed. We call them brought to justice.
We say you will not hurt our nation. You will not touch our nation.
We call every one of you brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We call an exposing with ICE, with Homeland Security, whatever it takes to bring these men to justice.
Father, I call an exposing in Jesus'name. Even that their devices would not work; they didn't wire them right.
They didn't do something right and by the time they try, they've already been brought to justice.
This will not happen through divine intervention over this nation in the name of Jesus.
It will not happen in Israel, Europe, England, Australia, Asia, or any other nation.
Father, that their devices would break down and they would not do it right because their minds aren't thinking right.
They have a reprobate mind. We thank you, Lord, for our malls.
We thank you, Lord, for these beautiful Christmas events celebrating your son, that every event is protected in the name of Jesus.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it. This nation is one nation under God.
And we don't say 'Happy Holidays,'we say 'Merry Christmas'to those liberal nut jobs.
We say 'Merry Christmas'up in this place. God bless America.
Thank you, Father. God bless the people who are worshiping you, Lord.
We call forth a major move of God from sea to shining sea—in Canada, Mexico, South America, over our brothers and sisters in Africa, over Europe, over the Middle East.
We say that there is a move of the presence of God. Father, we thank you, Lord.
We give you praise and glory. Father, we just keep tugging on that hem of your garment. We know you want revival more than we do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that revival starts with us first—in our hearts and our lives—that we show the saltiness that Jesus is in us and people are drawn to that saltiness.
For it is the goodness of God that draws men to repentance. There's an appointed time—Moedim, right?
Is that what they call Moedim? An appointed time for the glory.
An appointed time for the manifestations of the sons and the daughters to walk in the presence of God like we've never seen before.
Father, we praise you for your glory. Thank you, Father. I don't feel like we're quite done yet. I just feel that pull still.
I'm just resting in it, asking the Father, 'What is it, Lord?'When you're just on the edge of something, there's something there and I'm sending out the radars.
'What is that?'But I see it. It's concerning the White House. It's concerning the president.
It's concerning what I'm talking about for the manifestations of the glory.
Breakthrough! Breakthrough is what I have for you. The manifestations of the glory through you.
We pray for the 2026 elections. You need to take this more serious. I talked to that man; it is the most important.
If you want to know the most important thing concerning 2026, it is for the church to pray for midterm elections.
We must have a red wave once again so that we do not have a stalemate presidency. We will not have that.
We will win a greater majority of the votes concerning the Senate and the House in 2026 so that we're able to get the legislation done for the glorious outpouring of what's to come.
This is what's happening right now. We're saying 2026 and we're praying all through, but I'm talking about the manifestations of the finances.
I told you, I saw great finances coming to the Trump family, doubling and tripling their wealth.
But the Lord said, "Watch what happens. Watch what I'm about to do.
Learn something."That's what He's talking to me privately.
"Learn something. You don't learn how to be rich from the poor.
You learn how to be blessed through the wealthy. The poor can't teach you how to be wealthy; they're poor.
Learn wealth through the wealthy so that you're able to fund this end-time harvest."It's like our church youth building; you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to build buildings.
You should be able to just say, "There's the money in the bank. Here's a check. Let's do this.
Let's get the gospel out."Well, you have to have fundraisers; you have to do it.
The body of Christ should be the head, not the tail; above and not beneath. But we perish for a lack of knowledge.
I say, "Press into that through the spirit realm."There's four major doors that I'm about to do.
Pray. Hear me. Not to be lustful and stupid, but to be a distribution center for the kingdom of God.
What does God have in store for you? 30, 60, and 100-fold. But people get so hung up on stuff.
I said this is what God wants to do; it's a business plan. What does He want to do?
God is business-minded, but most people don't see it that way; it's so religious.
I say He is multifaceted, a multifaceted word about healing, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
He has His hand in everything. That you would be the head and not the tail.
You'll be above and not beneath. You'll go through and you won't go under.
We pray for President Trump, that his goal is to try to make America great again.
And we know that the only one who will ever make America great again is Jesus Christ, using President Trump. We know that God will give wisdom to President Trump.
He said, "I've called him, Brandon, and I have appointed him for such a time as this."And I'm stuck on this tonight because there's breakthrough.
God's wanting to do something around this tonight. Do you understand?
There's like a wall there and we're penetrating that wall with our prayer.
We're going to just bulldoze it down. But God's wanting to bring President Trump to a higher level of Him.
Yes, he drops the F-bomb. Yes, he says things he probably doesn't need to.
But you know what? God can use anybody He wants to. That's why you get so upset.
Well, God can't use Candace Owens. God can use Saul and turn him into a Paul and use anybody whom He wants to. He's looking at the heart that you don't see.
That's why He said, "I will use Alex Jones, Brandon, in the days ahead to make him a modern-day John the Baptist if he'll yield to me.
I want to use Alex Jones."And people go, "Well, how can He do that?"You of small peanut brain, you can't figure out who God can use.
He used a donkey. He can use a donkey. He can use whoever He wants.
Don't try to put God in your spiritual box and say, "Well, He can't use Candace.
He can't use Donald Trump because they don't fit the mold. He can't use Alex Jones.
He sure can't use Mel Gibson because he's in Hollywood."And that's why we're pushing through this stuff, because God is saying all hands are on deck.
I will use whoever I want to. He uses me. Look at what He's done with my life; look at what He'll do with you.
All you have to say is, "Jesus, here am I. Use me. Jesus, here am I. Use me, Lord.
If You'll use them, will You do something with my life?"And He says, "Yes,"I know He will.
"Yes, I'll turn your mess into a message. Yes, I'll do something with your life.
I'll breathe on your life and make your life shine; you'll be shining bright for Me."If you just yield your life to Jesus Christ, He'll turn your life around.
And what the devil meant for bad, He'll turn it around for good for you. There's nothing too big for God to turn around.
No matter how messed up you think you've messed it up, He can do anything. He is a masterpiece, I'm telling you.
We thank You, Lord, that You're stirring in them once again—Melania, Eric, Don, Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron.
You stir in the kids and in Kai. Father, we thank You, Lord. You stir in the family.
You stir in them a divine protection over JD Vance, our judges, and Amy Coney. Father, You said pray for the judges. Pray for them.
We thank You, Lord, for new Supreme Court judges, and President Trump will have better discernment on who he puts in there next time.
And Father, if there's a removing of another judge, that he'll have better discernment.
Don't pick one quickly; let's pick a better one. Thank You, Father.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that she'll turn her heart back.
That we'll get the judges that we need in power to get the laws and the things we need done.
That crypto legislation—a foundation for the crypto legislation for a new industrial revolution—will come and a greater manifestation on the crypto for laws to be out of the wild, wild west and brought into the modern day.
Father, that they won't be so volatile. It will be more stable.
It won't be like 500,000, you know, it's crazy; more stable.
Thank You, Father. We thank You, Father, for a great wealth transfer.
Great wealth transfer in Jesus'name. We lack no good thing, Father.
We are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, listening to You, obeying You, being led by You.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for supernatural increase in all areas of our life: healing physically, mentally, emotionally, our marriages, our children, and our health.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we lack no good thing in Jesus'name. Thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, for everything You have in store in the mighty name of Jesus.
I believe. Amen. We pressed and we prayed over those things.
We're praying over our president. We prayed over our nation for healing and for the glory.
We just keep pushing and we know that you got blessed out of this today.
I know it was kind of a different kind of video—not every video is always going to be the same—but we pray it blessed you about the wheat and all the things at the beginning.
We pray and we push and we cover this nation. I feel breakthrough.
That's what I'm telling you all. I just feel breakthrough. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
It's time to hear the sound of an abundance of rain. The camels are coming.
The glory camels are coming. They're here now. It's time. We call them forth in the name of Jesus.
It's not church as usual, but it's church unusual. It's no more of these dead church services.
We walk in and we experience the presence and the manifestation and the fragrance of the Father.
Diana has smelled the fragrance and it smells beautiful. She describes it; it's wonderful.
Truly wonderful. Tell them. "Oh yes. It smells like honeysuckle, but it's very like an anointing oil.
That's the only way I can describe it. It has substance to it.
It's like being in a shower and it's all around you."It submerses you, and every cell, every fiber of your being just feels alive, like you're breathing him in.
His fragrance is sweet, but it's more than that. There are no words to really describe it.
He's everywhere and it's thick, but it's coming. Yes. More and more on the surfaces.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to visit them with my fragrance.'He talks to us about it.
He said, 'I'm going to visit them with my fragrance.'Brandon, as you lay your head upon the chest of the Master, as you lay over, you breathe him in—everything.
He has a fragrance. He has a presence. In his presence, there is fullness of joy.
In his presence, there is fullness of peace. There's nothing like it. Nothing. And it's healing.
It's joy, like nothing you could ever experience—no drug, no nothing.
Just one second of being in his presence like that is reviving. It's healing.
It's what I've said before in the past—what years and years and decades of counseling could never touch.
It's permeating. He's all-encompassing. It's all-consuming.
One word from God, one touch—and when I feel him and I smell his presence and I feel him, it brings me to tears.
More and more when we're doing these videos, I'll feel him and I recognize him, and it just makes me weep in his presence because I desperately need him.
I desperately seek him. Whenever he shows up like that, it's comforting.
There are no words to describe it, but it's really precious.
I could never in my human language describe the Almighty's presence. I could not.
It would be such a disgrace because it's more than a fragrance; there's no human vocabulary that can describe it.
He's more than a sense you can try. He's more than a fragrance.
He's more than that. He's a person. The Holy Spirit is more. And I have no words.
Trying to describe it doesn't give it justice. No, it's like that.
It's like when you were talking about when you almost died and that peace.
When you're so hurt and you're so full of bitterness—like you said, people send you stuff in the mail and they don't understand it because they're just full of the devil.
You've got people that ridicule, and they don't get it because they're just so full of anger and they don't understand that God wants to touch them. He wants a refreshing.
There are so many people that are hurting and we see it, but we want to tell you: Jesus is no respecter of persons and he wants to meet you right where you are.
He wants to love on you. He wants to pull you out of that pit and tell you he has a plan for your life.
He wants to touch you right where you are. There are so many people here that are just thirsty.
They're saying, 'Brandon, I'm desperate. I need a change. I need you.
Would you just pray for me?'And that's why we do this. We want so much.
Diana, we keep pushing, we keep doing this and it's exciting, but at the same time, there are so many people in these end times that are just weary and well-doing.
They're like, 'Man, how can I have a relationship with the Father?'It starts out first just by accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
Every single time, it starts right there. That's point A, and then you keep building on it.
It's building blocks. There are many of you even here tonight—5,900 of you.
I don't know how many of you here tonight have never accepted Jesus Christ.
But it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment. No one is promised tomorrow.
Just like I was talking about at the beginning of this, none of us are promised.
That girl who lost her life, the soldier who lost her life—she didn't know she was going to die that day.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
But I'm telling you, there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you're making the biggest mistake you could ever make. You must know him. But more importantly, does he know you?
If you're here tonight and you've never had that relationship, if you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
I want you to know that you need to make a decision. Either way, you're making a decision.
If you don't ask Jesus to be your Lord and you delay, you're still making a decision not to accept him.
I want you tonight to really search your heart as we're praying and doing these videos.
You may not be born again. You may have never done anything with the Lord.
But if you're here tonight and you would like to know Jesus, if you would like to say the sinner's prayer, we want to lead you in the sinner's prayer.
Maybe, just maybe, you're here tonight and you used to know him.
You used to be on fire for the Lord. You were excited. You went to church every single Sunday.
You may have been part of the choir. But over time, you've gotten lukewarm.
You've gotten cold. You've let your fire go out. You didn't stay close to the Father.
You've let the cares of this world choke out your relationship.
You've maybe gone back to the sin or the crowd you used to hang out with.
And you're just like, 'Brandon, I'm at the end of my rope. I just would like to have a fresh start.
Would you pray for me?'I believe you're not here by coincidence. You're here because the Lord called you here tonight.
You know you were at your relatives over Thanksgiving yesterday and you're just like, 'Man, they're all miserable.
I don't want to be a part of that. I'm just searching for authenticity.'There's so much fakeness in churches nowadays. 'I just want authentic Jesus, authentic relationship.
Could you please pray for me?'Diana and I would love to pray for you, but I want you to be bold about your decision tonight and coming back to the Lord.
I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved'or 'I'm coming back to Jesus.'Jesus died for you publicly.
Now I want you to do it publicly. It's easy. All you have to do is type in there right now, 'I want to be saved.
I need Jesus Christ. I'm coming back to the Lord.'Tonight, I'm coming back to Jesus.
And if that's you and we're speaking to you, you feel that tugging at your heart, that's Jesus knocking on your door.
He's knocking on the door of your heart right now and he's saying, 'Will you just let me in?
Will you give me a chance?'He's never left you and he's never forsaken you.
He said he'll be with you always, but you can walk away from him. He'll never walk away from you.
The Bible says that he would rather you be hot or cold, but if we're lukewarm, he said he'd spew us out of his mouth. So tonight, it's time for you to come back to the Father.
It's time for you to be all in, to sell out to Jesus once again and say, 'God, I want to make a new start.'I'm going to say a simple prayer with you.
And if you're here and that speaks to you and this altar call is for you and you say, 'Brandon, pray for me,'I want to pray for you.
Let's just say this prayer, and after that, we're going to tell you what to do next.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.'I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you're making intercession for me at the right hand of the Father even right now.
Jesus, I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin. Jesus, I ask you to forgive me and wash me clean.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tonight I have a fresh, clean start.
Jesus, I make you my Lord and my personal Savior. From this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you.
From this day forward, Lord, I make you the Lord of my life. Jesus, I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're doing that right now for me. Lord, I serve you from this day forward.
Lord, I thank you that you've forgiven me and you cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
God, I love you and I'm excited to come home. I'm excited to be a part of the family in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. I believe if you just said that prayer, it's a simple little prayer.
It doesn't have to be all religious; it's just from the heart.
The Bible says with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
I believe right now that you accepted Jesus Christ. Now, what do you do after that?
Well, you find a Bible-believing church. I'd go to a non-denominational church.
I would get plugged in there. I would tell the pastor there, 'I need to be water-baptized.
Please, water-baptized me.'Volunteer. Whatever you can do to get plugged into that church.
Read your Bible every day and pray, and come over here and pray with us.
If you don't have a Bible, we want to give you your first Bible as a Christian. Our ministry will love you.
We want to celebrate your decision tonight of coming to Jesus, and we're excited you're a part of the family.
Welcome to the family. Diana will tell you how to get your Bible.
Yes, if you would just go down to the description of this video, you will find our email address.
In the subject line of the email, just put 'I need a Bible'and then put your name and address in the body of the email and we will get one to you.
And we just want to say congratulations. It's the best decision you've ever made in your life.
Welcome to the family. Jesus is rejoicing and Satan's going, 'Man, we just lost a great sinner.'The devil's upset.
He said, 'We just lost a good sinner, boys.'Welcome home. Welcome to the family.
48 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight. There's so many people that you can't trust, but you can trust Him.
Jesus. He'll never leave you and He'll never forsake you. Out of anybody in this whole world you could ever trust, it'd be Him.
He'll never leave you. Never. You're safe with Him. Behold, He makes all things new.
All 48 of you, welcome to the family. Yesterday we had 38. Day before yesterday, 38.
Now I have 48. So all glory to Jesus. We're excited you're here.
Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us. How did we meet? We met at a Bible study. She didn't want to go to it. It was a friend of ours.
Well, her mom—I didn't want to go either, but my sister was going to the Bible study because her friend's name was Jennifer.
Diana—my friend wasn't coming, so she wasn't going, so I wasn't going to go.
It was a Christmas party, but my mom made me. She said she wouldn't go and I wasn't going to go.
My sister went and she didn't want to drive by herself across town, and I told my sister, 'Let's go, I'll go with you.'So I went because they were having food and I was like, 'Let's go and eat.'They had pizza and stuff and they were having a Christmas party and she came to the party and we were doing a Bible study.
It was Jeremy Pearsons'Bible study. He has a church in Colorado Springs now.
Jeremy Pearsons had a Bible study there and he invited me to come and I said, 'Well, we'll go.'So I went with my sister after he invited us and she was there.
It was at a girl named Jennifer's house. Her mom was the head prayer lady at the church; her name was Jennifer Jennings.
I met her there and we've talked ever since. Long time. God is so good.
Met her at a Bible study. Jeremy Pearsons. Now, Pastor Jeremy Pearsons.
And he is amazing. Like the Lord sent him just for me. He truly is a soulmate. He really is my soulmate. There's no other person I know.
Right from the get-go, even when we were dating, he was always listening to Brother Hagin.
I've listened to Kenneth Hagin since I was like 12 years old.
Truly on fire for the Lord. And that is such a rarity even these days.
Even when we were younger, you couldn't find anybody like that at that age.
I always had a problem because I couldn't read and do everything in school.
Because I was bullied so much, when the teacher asked me, 'What do you want to do when you grow up?'I said, 'I want to be a preacher.'Even when I was in middle school, truly, that's all I've ever known.
So that's all we talked about. He would say, 'This is what tape I've listened to today,'and he would give it to me and I would listen to it.
Every single time I got paid, they had a bookstore called WordWorks.
I'd go into the WordWorks bookstore and they would have Brother Hagin CDs and tapes, and I would buy those tapes every single time I got paid and I would listen to them for the whole two weeks until I got paid again.
I would be so excited to get one tape series and I'd listen to that over and over again.
Then I would say, 'When are you going to be done with that so I can listen to it?'He was like, 'I'm going to listen to it one more time, then you can have it.'I had so many tapes and all this stuff, but when they stopped dealing with tapes, I didn't have them anymore.
Now I find all that stuff on YouTube. Brother Hagin, his ministry put it all on YouTube.
So you don't have to have a tape player where you have to flip it over to hear the conclusion.
Now it's all on YouTube; it's easy and it's free. You just push the button and it's right there.
Thank God all those treasures are on YouTube. The younger generation doesn't even know what cassette tapes are.
I had cassette tapes everywhere and I listened to the Word continually.
When I was cleaning, doing bathrooms, or mowing outside, I just had my Walkman in my coat with the headphones in my ears.
The Lord spoke to me about those wireless headphones that Braden had on all the time.
I won't say a brand, but he had them on and the Lord said, 'Tell him to get those off his head.'There's danger in those.
So, we don't use those wireless headphones anymore that send a signal.
The Lord said, "There's danger. Take that off."And I was just praying in the spirit and I heard him.
So, we got rid of those wireless things that have the signal.
I don't know why, but it's like me. I don't put a cell phone up to my head. I talk like this.
I put on speakerphone when I talk because the Lord said, when I was in there, "Don't put that phone up to your head anymore."And he said, "You know, don't carry it around in your pocket that much.
Don't keep that thing on your body all the time."And I didn't know.
And even whenever I sleep at night, I keep that further over here and don't let that be next to you.
There's danger there. I don't understand, but I just listen to him.
I pray and I obey. When he says to do something, I just do it. Don't do that.
Don't put those things in your ears all the time. You know, they're wireless.
Don't do that. And I said, "What?"There's signals there. There's something wrong.
Don't do it. Just don't do it. So, Braden gives things wires now.
But just things like that. I don't know why I got off on that, but that was important.
The Lord says, "Say that."I said it. I don't know who that was for, but just pray about that.
Having wireless things in your head all the time. Be careful; have wisdom.
This new generation has their headphones on all the time. I had Walkmans on.
That's where I was going with it. But I had a Walkman. We used to use the Walkman.
I had a Walkman and I would always break that cord and I'd get my hand caught up in it and rip it out and I'd be like, "Oh."And my mom would say, "Brandon, do you have to have another set?"I'd say, "Yeah, I ruined them again."But we met at church.
All glory to Jesus. Should I say more? So, is wired okay? I don't know.
He didn't say wired were bad. He just said the unwired ones. He told me I use wired ones, but they don't send a Wi-Fi signal.
Bluetooth. It was the Bluetooth signal that he was upset about when I was praying.
He said, "Don't keep that on your head all the time."Now, you do what you want to do.
That's just what he told me. And he told my son because he said, "No more.
Do not do that no more."And I said, "Okay."So, I obeyed and we got the ones with the wire.
They have good ones with wires and he just hooks it up to his laptop and stuff.
And yeah, you can get some pretty good ones still with wires, but they're not noise-canceling.
I think that's what everybody wants is noise-canceling, but that's not really good for you.
I see. What else? I was looking at your comments. "Hello, Britney.
Could you listen to some stuff you learned?"What does that mean?
I don't understand. I think they're asking whenever you learned how to pray.
Whenever you said this word to them when you learned how to pray. Pastor Terry didn't put that stuff public.
She did prayer school on Thursdays and Pastor Terry was in there and Gina and Annie Bin-Hof was the lady's name at the time.
I remember they would pray on Thursdays. Then I would sit in there and listen to them and then Jennifer when they would all have prayer.
I just listened to prayer and I got stirred up by it as a kid; the impartation was there.
I've always been drawn to it. My first vision was when I was 14 years old.
My mom had a friend that was going through a hard time and I was praying.
My brother and I shared bunk beds and I was praying on the bottom bunk. I was on the bed and I was praying.
I was laying like this and all of a sudden heat like fire hit my head and it was my first vision I ever had.
And it went over me and my ear started burning like fire, like a match tip.
And I started seeing that. That was the first vision I ever had.
I'll never forget my first vision. And from that point on, it's grown more and more when I pray.
And so I've just been walking in this. And I learned then because I always loved prayer.
I listened to Sister Wilkerson, Jeannie Wilkerson, and I'd listen to old tapes from her because Pastor Terry had archives in the Word Works, and we would take those archives and I would listen to them on a Walkman.
There were tapes from Jeannie Wilkerson. I listened to those because there was no YouTube back then.
Yes, he did have hair. People were... I had a lot of hair. In fact, I used to flip my bangs.
I had a lot of hair. I don't know what happened. In fact, I'd put gel in and spike it up.
I looked good. When I get to heaven, I'm going to have hair again.
I've seen it. And the Lord showed me what I look like. You saw it yourself?
Yeah. Remember whenever I told you I've seen glimpses and I have hair?
I'm going to have a big old head of hair coming out. I don't realize I don't have it on.
It bugs me when I'm praying. So maybe I'll have hair clear down to my back when I get to heaven.
I spent my whole life without hair. So when I get to heaven, I'll have real long hair and you can braid it for me.
I'm teasing. What did they say? "I have ears right now.""Hello, Brandon.
Could you listen to some stuff?"She's just saying that over and over.
Oh, she's saying it over and over again. Yeah, I see it all the way down.
It's already passed up. How do you start your prayer each day?
Just like we're doing right now with you. I'll just stop and start talking.
It's not religious. I think it's like whenever you drive around. I just start singing and pray.
Usually, it's through worship; we just start praying and we'll put music on.
I'll have music going in the car and it's usually "Mountain of the Lord"by Kim Clement.
I play that song over and over: "Mountain of the Lord."I listen to it and it puts me right in the river.
I listen to that or his worship songs and I've got them on my phone and I just play "Mountain of the Lord."But that's how you start, and it's never religious.
I blow that thing going down the road as loud as I can. Danni goes, "You're making my ear ring."I said, "Put your headphone off it."Woo!
Here we go. The glory. So, but that's what we do. A heavenly mullet.
"Heavenly Brandon Mullet.""You lied about Butler."You've got all kinds of trolls on here.
I go, "Okay, lied about what?"It's funny. I don't ever see this stuff. I go, "Okay, lied about what though?"I have no idea.
You've got people that are smoking crack and you go, "Are you on drugs?"Probably they are.
I'm talking about them. They probably smoke crack. You don't realize you've got a lot of the world that comes on here and they smoke drugs.
Someone said that if you put the cord under your shirt with a Walkman, you're unstoppable.
That was pretty funny. It is. I laugh. I'm somewhere in the future and I look a lot better than I look right now. I scrolled. I lost it.
But they said something like if you put the cord down underneath your shirt and you walk, you're unstoppable.
How do you know when you're right with God? Well, I don't go by a feeling.
If you ever go by a feeling thinking you're going to be right with God, you're going to miss it.
Faith is not a feeling. By grace, you're saved through faith.
If you think you're going to always feel right with God, you're going to miss it.
You're not going to get there by feeling. It's by faith. I don't feel saved a lot of the time when I get up in the morning.
I don't feel like holy angel choirs. It's when you tap into it.
But there are days I wake up and I go, 'Man, do I even feel saved today?'No.
In fact, I feel backslidden—how dry I feel some days when I get up.
And I go, 'Lord,'but every day I say, 'Fill me, Lord. I need you to fill me. I need a fresh touch.
I can't do this, Lord, without you.'But if I'm looking for a feeling, and if I feel saved or if I feel right with God, then you're going to flat miss it.
He said, 'I'll never leave you and I'll never forsake you. Lo, unto the end of the earth, I'll be with you always.'And I hang to that.
It didn't say that I had to act a certain way. And if I have to feel it, who said you were going to feel it? I always tell myself, 'Who said you're going to feel it?
Who ever said you were going to have another vision?'He may never show me something ever again, but does that change my relationship with him?
No. I always keep the main thing the main thing. The gift is outside of it.
If he chose to show me something tonight, like he showed me a couple of things—he didn't show me a lot—that's fine.
I just go, 'Hey, it's cool.'But if he never does it again, the main thing is the main thing.
It's relationship with him. I just seek him. People that are married don't always—I don't feel married, you know, but we are. You just are.
If I look at her and I wake up and I say, 'Do you feel married today?'she'd go, 'Honey, we're married.'You know, it's the same thing.
I got a ring on my finger as a remembrance that I told her I would do, and I made a vow to her that I would serve her all the days and be with her for rich or poor, whatever.
But I made a covenant with God. 'Father, I thank you that you're my Lord and Savior.
Regardless, I thank you that by grace you saved me through faith.'Does that answer your question?
What are your thoughts on Christian online dating? I would be very careful with that because you might get catfished these days. Yes, you've got a lot of catfishing going on up in here.
You've got girls that think they look a certain way, and you get there and she has a huge mustache and you go, 'What happened to you?
Oh God, that's not what you look like in your profile, honey.'They're all going to be laughing.
I want to see—oatmeal is one of the worst things you can eat. What did you delete?
Message was deleted. They're being a troll. Somebody was saying they were having trouble sleeping.
And I always say that scripture, 'And he gives his beloved sleep.'That is the scripture you should...
How to get the Holy Spirit back? Please pray for my family; broken relationship.
'Father, thank you, Lord, that you restore back the relationships in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, that everybody that desires their family to be restored.
We thank you, Lord, restore what the cankerworm ate.'She said she's a he.
That's exactly right. That's what I'm talking about. But if I didn't have Diana and I was dating again, well, how would I do? I'd go to church.
And you say, 'Well, all the good people are taken there.'You've got a lot of, you know, Bubbas there at the church now that are, 'Hey baby, y'all need a girlfriend?'And you're looking at them going, 'I don't know.'I never really thought about it.
I had a friend that got married from online dating and I think they're still married.
So, maybe it is good. Maybe. I heard Pastor Chris say he would go to meetchristianfolk.com or whatever.
But she's still married and he is on fire for God. They do mission trips.
So, if you need to go to meetchristianfolk.com and make sure you have discernment, don't marry a Delilah, don't marry somebody that's going to pull you down.
Make sure iron sharpens iron. Be discerning in who you link yourself up with.
All you have to do is pray and obey and listen to the Holy Spirit. If he said, 'Run, Forrest, run!
Don't get hooked up with somebody who is a Delilah, male or female.
There could be a male Delilah or a female Delilah. A male Jezebel or a female Jezebel.
Run. It's the character of the person. Don't be in a hurry. Well, I'm cold at night.
I don't care how cold you are at night. You pray in the spirit.
If you don't know how to pray in the spirit, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin. Why Tongues? It's a little book, like for a buck. You get it for a dollar.
Some of it's free online. Read that book over and over. I have a prayer channel—another prayer channel.
I don't ever talk about it publicly. It's my hobby that I've uploaded all my prayer videos.
It's 'Pray With Me'; you can find it. And all my archives of things that I think are precious to me are on that channel.
So if you want to know about it and know about my prayer, it's my channel that I've done for a hobby.
But don't go over there and be a troll. I don't tell people about it because I don't like it.
But I'm being nice to y'all. There are treasures over there. Those are my treasures.
I've uploaded all my treasures of prayer, and it's called 'Pray With Me'if you're interested.
Please don't go over there and be mean. That's really private for me.
But I do it for you. I'll tell you all about it. I do it for me. I uploaded all those—those are my archives.
Those are all my tapes and my CDs that I've ever bought. They're on that thing, and I put them over there.
And so, like I said, I got 1,500 subscribers, but they don't know it's me.
Do you know, like in youth group whenever they did—they would have these challenges where you would go with a group and you would get in these high-pressure situations where you're trying to find things on the list and you would take a picture with something?
You had to have these certain things and you would go with your youth group and do that.
I always think of things like that before you get married. High-pressure situations reveal a lot about someone's character. For sure.
And if you can do a high-pressure situation like that—one of those where they have the list and you have to take a picture with all those things and you go into one of those group things—some kind of high situation like that.
I try to get them in a high-pressure situation to expose... you want to see.
And that's why I say I always look at the eyes, if I can. And that's just because I walk in that gifting, maybe.
But I always say, you look around people and say, 'Hey, look in their eyes.'And that's why people send me pictures: 'What do you think about her?
What do you think about this?'And I'm going to tell you flat out, 'That girl's a Jezebel and you need to run,'or, 'He's a Jezebel and you need to run.'But I can't do that because then you'll say, 'Well, you told me not to marry him.'None of you are accountable for what I said.
So I just say, you just need discernment for yourself. If you—I'm not recommending the show, but if you ever watch The Amazing Race, that's why you'll see those couples get in fights.
We don't watch it. But a long time ago, we saw a couple of episodes.
Three people shot at a mall in California? I don't know. Can you look that up?
Scavenger hunt. That's what it is. So, make sure that they're able to repent and say they're sorry.
I agree. We're always quick to repent. And I'm telling you, every time I always say, 'Diana, I messed up today.
I'm sorry. I was mean. I shouldn't have said what I said.'I love you or whatever, and always be quick to pray.
Need to hear that. The eyes of the Lord. Maybe. We were just praying.
Why are they hardly getting through the cracks? That's so annoying to me.
Was it—who was it? A Muslim? What was it? Is it gang-related?
That should not be. We just interceded. We're praying our guts out here.
I take it personally. It just annoys me. It looks like he put that there for people who are asking.
Yeah, that's the link for my prayer channel. It's in the pinned comment. If you want to go over there and watch it, fine.
I don't advertise it, but I was just doing it because people are asking about it.
Do you see the YouTube pinned comment? The white thing? That's the prayer channel.
Why does God allow people to visit hell? To warn the people. Because 99.9% of unbelievers don't believe hell exists.
And what better way to do it than to give a testimony of it? Oh, I found your channel.
See that? They found the prayer channel. The other one is a word channel. But I have more things I don't talk about.
The prayer channel is my favorite, but I put the word on the other channel and I've got a lot of preaching and sermons from things that I love.
I listen to things on that channel every day. Yeah, I do, too.
My prayer channel is my hobby. I love that prayer channel. It is my friend.
There are some golden nuggets over there. We have really not heard the story.
I have a question. What is your question? One question... Elmo?
That's what you're saying. That's who has a question. They have pink hands.
What's your question, Elmo? I found it's Valley Fair Mall in San Jose.
I wonder if it's gang-related. Father, we thank you, Lord, that her daughter will meet a godly man.
Please share that one, too. Please share what one? Oh, they're talking about my word channel.
Thank you for the link. Well, the prayer channel, like I said, is just a treat.
You all do what you want with it. You go over there and listen to it.
But if you want to learn, it'll change your life. It's what helped me.
What are you laughing about, people coming over? Are they? Yeah.
They're coming over there. How many people? 300. It looks like 300 new people. Well, okay.
'That's how I found your channel, watching your near-death experience and your channel came in my feed and changed my life.'Praise the Lord.
Thank you. 'I subscribed to the prayer channel.'Yeah, that prayer channel will change your life.
It'll never be monetized or anything; it's just over there.
I did it because I wanted to keep that stuff and I didn't want to lose it.
It's a precious thing. Those are my treasures. And you can stream it.
I wanted it where I could put it in my car or my house without having to go, 'Where's that CD at?
Where's my DVD at?'Does it make sense? So that's why I created that because those treasures were in boxes.
I had so many totes full of DVDs and CDs and I told Diana I didn't want to throw this stuff away and I was going to lose it.
So I took... how long did that take me? It took me months. Cassette tapes are becoming obsolete because it takes forever to upload them.
So I bought a burner and I took every single one of them and just burned and uploaded.
I spent hours and it broke after a while, then I had to buy another one because I had so many.
I don't know how many are over there, son. Hundreds of prayer sermons.
Are you okay? I'm going to go to the bathroom. Okay, I can go under here.
'Do I listen to Benny Hinn?'I traveled with Benny Hinn for a while and...
be careful. Don't knock over the camera, love. I'm good. I bet she's doing good.
When I was a young man, I loved to watch Benny Hinn and I would watch Benny Hinn every day.
I decided I wanted to travel and try to help out, catch people or whatever I could do.
And he came to a Fort Worth Convention Center, and Sam Todd was his name.
Sam was one of the head ushers and he saw me and said, 'Hey, do you want to help out?'Sam and his boys were there and they would volunteer and go with Benny and do things.
So I said, 'Hey, let me go.'So I went to Fort Worth, Fort Lauderdale, Arkansas.
I went to all the things. And they said they have a pastor's anointing experience. Now, I know there's a lot of you that don't like Benny Hinn.
I don't try to bring up these big names that I've been around; I don't talk about it.
But I went to the services and I caught the people on the stage.
I was a pretty big, stocky guy and I caught the people, and Pastor Benny Hinn took his hand and the fire of God knocked me on my rear and I was addicted.
That's where I got addicted to Jesus. I went to the back after the service was over, and that's where I met Ralph Wilkerson.
He prophesied over my life and he said the same anointing that is on these big healing evangelists, Oral Roberts, Kathryn Kuhlman, and Benny, he said, is on you.
And he laid hands on me and the power of God flowed through my body, and that's when I started laying hands on things.
I've talked about my dogs being raised from the dead and people being healed. It's happened, and it's starting to happen more.
I laid hands on Diana a couple days ago and the power of God went into her and totally healed her, and I give all the glory for it.
I work for another mega ministry. I worked for Kenneth Copeland for a long time and I don't talk about that.
That was the major ministry I worked for in Fort Worth, and I was the janitor there and I took care of his house, his property, and I pulled weeds in the flower beds.
Now, a lot of people don't like Kenneth Copeland, so I just don't talk about this stuff because I learned a lot from his daughter.
That's where I learned to pray. That's with the prayer channel. And people get really ticked off about that.
But I cleaned the planes, I cleaned the carpets, and that's where I met my wife.
I'm just real with y'all; I don't try to hide anything. 'How do you find Kim Clement's music?'Just look at his channel.
I talked to D'Anne and she said they're making a CD, which is going to be awesome, with all her daddy's music.
I love Kim Clement's music, and I can't wait until Donné gets that done. I am so excited.
'What do I think about Pastor Kenneth?'I don't have an opinion about that.
I think he changed my life with the word, some of the things he preached.
The blood covenant and the blood series changed my life. I don't run.
I 'touch not the anointed.'Regardless of where they are now versus where they were then and all the things that people want to say, I don't touch it.
It's smart not to. You just stay on the side of where God has for you.
Regardless if you like some of the things they say now or what you think they're doing with their ministry or what's happening, it's not my place to judge.
I just stay in a place of going, 'Hey, that's between God and them.'And I don't go there.
I know that I met my wife there, and I learned to pray there, and his daughter Terri is amazing.
And I love what they stood for with prayer. It changed Brandon's life forever.
And that's why, regardless if you think the prosperity, the jets, whatever...
people get so ticked off about stuff. I cleaned it. I helped move the furniture in the new house—their house.
I helped plant their sod. I did it all; I saw everything. I helped get Robert's bed set up whenever he was there, or whenever Savelle or any of the others were.
I got it all ready for them when they were there. Tommy was the head housekeeper, and they'd call me up and I'd go down there because I was strong.
Jocelyn and I would go down there and get the trash and take it to the dump, and I shredded the mail.
I did a lot; I learned a lot. Now, did I agree with everything that I saw?
No. But you're not going to agree with every ministry ever. People are human.
And when you deal with flesh and you deal with humanity, it's just real.
But I'm going to tell you this: I would sit outside and I would pull weeds.
And I'm just being real transparent; I'm just real with y'all tonight. Do you want to hear real?
But I was on the front porch a lot of times and I would pull weeds and I would see, 'Do these people practice what they preach whenever the camera is off?
Are they real? Is this fake? Is it about money? What is this?'And as a young man, I'd watch and I'd be nosy, but they didn't know I was being nosy.
And I would listen, and the glory of the Lord would show up outside when nobody else was watching and the cameras are off.
Who are you really? Are you this way trying to sucker people for money?
But I saw authentic outside of the camera: searching and looking at the Bible, being hungry for Jesus, and seeing things that nobody else would ever see.
But I saw authentic, so I don't touch it. Yeah, you got issues. Yeah, people have problems. But who doesn't?
So regardless, he changed my life with some of the things I heard.
And like I said, his daughter—the prayer that I learned there changed me forever.
And that's what you all come to: the glory of the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Brandon, thank you for sharing your prayer treasures; this is my new obsession. You're welcome.
Like I said, I would never—what the Lord says regarding wealth transfer, especially crypto, I don't touch that.
I tried; the Lord told me not to talk about crypto much. He said, 'That's not what I called you to do.
I want you to pray, and when I warn you to warn them about crypto, you can, but it's not your vein.'And so I don't touch it until he tells me to.
Can you say a prayer for—yeah, I pray for finances. 'Where does the word amen come from?
Is there a true meaning?'Yes, I would love to come to your church. Please pray for Nigeria.
Please answer how I break the poverty cycle of my life, also a generational curse biblically.
Please call all chains of mine to be broken over your life. How you break poverty is with seedtime and harvest. You sow that. If you have a need, sow a seed. I give.
'Give and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over shall men give into your bosom.'People don't realize you're never going to get out of poverty if you don't sow.
Giving is your way out of poverty. And people don't want to hear that; they get ticked off.
I'm telling you because prosperity got abused—always talking about things and people busting on it.
And I'm telling you, it changed my life sowing and learning how to give.
You cannot outgive God. He'll give you ideas to get wealth. He'll bless your hands to prosper.
And people, they go, 'Well, I've always been poor,'because I don't talk down against prosperity, I don't talk down against healing, I keep believing it.
And I go, 'Well, Lord, you're going to change my life.'Even if it's just a couple hundred bucks extra, that's a blessing.
So I go, 'Hey,'but eBay and these other things that I've done have changed our life.
It's not always been easy, but he's always provided for me. So what is prosperity to one is prosperity to the other—I don't know.
To me, having more than enough to eat and take care of my kids, they have clothes in their bag and be able to get a camera for my thing is prosperity to me.
Where you say, 'Hey, I'm not in lack.'When you live on food stamps, that's poor.
And you go, 'Man, I don't have no food this week.'That's poverty to me.
Now, for somebody's poverty, they could say, 'Brandon, you're in poverty where I'm at now.'And you go, 'You're in poverty,'but I'm happy.
I'm blessed. Prosperity is all relevant. What is prosperity to you is probably not prosperity to me.
My wife is healthy. I'm blessed. My marriage is good. That's prosperity.
It doesn't have to be that I'm driving a Ferrari to say I'm rich or you've got a brand new whatever.
Prosperity to me is my kids know Jesus; they're going to heaven.
They can lay hands on any one of you all and I guarantee you God's going to heal them, probably more than likely if you have faith to believe.
But I'm just saying that's prosperity to me. Now I might not have a jet like some of these ministers do; they think that's prosperous.
But is your marriage good? Are your kids okay? You may have a $25 million plane, but is your marriage okay?
Do your kids respect you? Are your kids blessing you? Do they talk about you?
You may have millions in the bank, but are you healthy with your children?
Probably not. But is that prosperity? I ask you that. Is that prosperity?
If your marriage sucks and your kids are all strung out and they don't serve the Lord, is that prosperity?
If you're a minister and that's happening, I don't see that as prosperous.
I don't care how much you have in the bank. So, I guess your question to me is just—I don't know.
Does that answer you, son? I think these people have prosperity backwards.
Hollywood is not prosperous. They're committing suicide by the dozens a year.
You know, you got these celebrities that have millions of dollars and they're driving a brand new Ferrari, but they're depressed and they're on Prozac.
That's not prosperous. 'Can you come to California in January?'Brandon, I would think about it. I really like Brandon. Brandon Brimm is a good guy.
He has a church that he's trying to do in Montecito, and you should go to his thing and help him if you live out there.
California, there's a lot of people that don't have a good church out there.
And you need people, Holy Ghost and fire. 'I'm going to see Billy Burke in Pennsylvania next month because of you.
I can't wait.'Oh, it's going to be off the chain. You're going to love Billy Burke.
In fact, that would be a fun meeting to go to. 'Would you be able to pray for me?
I've been in some pain, bladder issue.'Father, I thank you, Lord, for healing her bladder.
We call for the healing over her bladder in Jesus'name. We call for deliverance.
No, I do not listen to Jonathan Shuttlesworth. 'The more I pray, the more I pull away from this spouse.
11 years, kids. Please preach the truth.'Brandon, somebody please block.
Somebody needs to block somebody. Some are trouble brewing.
There's so many people. Is there a lot of trolls tonight? I don't ever see them.
'Do you see demons?'Yeah, I see a lot of demons, but I don't talk about it.
I left you hanging. Yeah, I needed to go to the bathroom myself after three years.
You left me. I can't leave these people. Well, I couldn't come back over there.
'Oh, do you see demons?'That's an interesting question. Do you know I never talk about the demons I see?
I see—and I hate to say this, but there's a lot of times I see more of the demonic than I see anything else.
But I never give it glory. Never. They don't deserve it. But God only shows it to me to help people.
Sorry. Hey, good looking. I was trying not to make a... but I want to tell you this.
The demonic loves when you see them. They want you to glorify.
They like to be noticed. Pride wants to be noticed. And they are full of pride. That's all they are.
And every single time I see them, I don't give them the satisfaction to show them that I see them because they are trash.
And I say, "I ain't going to give you any glory."And I'm going to tell you, they're more apt to want to show up than angels.
Angels are never about themselves. We focus the glory on Him because He deserves all the glory and all the recognition.
Every single bit of it. Just like the Word says, even the rocks cry out. And we ain't going to let the rocks do our job.
We're going to be a vessel used by Him to give Him all the honor, all the glory, and direct attract deflect it all to Him.
To Him because He deserves everything we have. Everything.
None of us. All of you. All of you, Lord. So, I went to get me some unsweet tea.
Mine didn't have ice. So, I don't know why we're staying on so late.
Maybe we should go, but I thought it was fun to answer some questions.
Y'all are like me. You're just addicted to the glory and His presence.
We're just having fun. I'm just talking and praying in the midnight hour.
We are because of Him. She will be okay. I've had three brain surgeries.
Yep. Thank you for talking to us. Lots of church people don't just answer questions and hang out.
Yeah. That's why I don't like it either. I get tired of all the political church celebrity crap.
Yeah. We're just real people. That's why, you know, I don't like it when I go to these meetings.
When you think I'm anything more than just Brandon, I say, "Listen, go vertical."It's the same thing.
Yes, we need Him. But when it comes down to a lot of these big pastors, I've seen a lot more now than I've ever seen.
And I'm going to tell you this, folks: everybody has something they're going through.
There's nobody that has it all together. We're all a work in progress.
And we put our clothes on one leg at a time. We all wake up. We have to go to the bathroom. We all have stinky armpits. It's all just real.
And if you start exalting somebody and thinking that they've got it together more than you—maybe they've worked their faith more.
Maybe they've developed their faith more because it's just like anything: if you do something long enough, you're going to get good at it.
But the Lord said this to me, which was interesting. We talked about it.
You have a lot of people that are fakers that have learned to be good parrots.
They don't have a revelation of it. A parrot—the Lord said they are parrots.
There's a lot of parrots in the body of Christ. He said, "Brandon, a lot of parroting comes from—a parrot just mocks.
A parrot doesn't say it on its own. A parrot just has the ability to repeat what it knows."But it doesn't mean it has a revelation of it.
It is just squawking, whatever. But it's not something that understands even what it's saying.
And that's why He said a lot of the body of Christ is doing that.
They're just parroting because it's Christianese, especially in the charismatic circle.
But it's not sinking in. It's not revelation to them. They don't have it inside of their heart.
What did He say about you? And I've known this. I see this on leadership.
And they'll say it and the Lord said, "That's not real to her. That's not real to him.
They're parroting them."That's why the Word said you will know them by their fruit—not by what they say, but by what their fruit is.
I heard tonight; I heard marching in the sky. I don't know what that means.
I don't know either. I love it. But you can see it though. And that's why He talked to me about nepotism. And He's been talking to me more about nepotism.
He said, "You'll see a lot of the elders go home and they'll try to pass it on to their kids and they're not qualified for the mantle of the anointing on that ministry, and the ministry will self-implode because you feel that you are qualified because you have blood from that individual.
Well, I'm part of the family."And the Lord warned me and He said, "Pray for a lot of these mega ministries that are older because they don't have a successor that has been through the refining fire."And if you've not been through the refining fire, you'll not sustain the ministry the way it should because of nepotism.
He said, "Just because you're in the bloodline doesn't mean you're qualified for it."That's what He said to me.
He said, "Pray, for a great shaking is coming to certain ministries."It's like David with the armor that's too big that doesn't fit.
Does that make sense? Because it happens a lot. And I see this happening in more ministries, but the Lord warns me specifically it's going to happen a lot in 2026.
And He said, "You will see this in 2026. Pray for these ministries, son, for there is nepotism.
And they think they're qualified and they're not. Only qualification is through the refining fire."And He warned me about this.
And I said, "Okay."And He said a lot of the nepotism is they're just parroting what they heard their mama say or they heard their daddy say.
It wasn't really rooted in their heart because they were able to coast on the coattails of that family member.
And He said, "You'll see true fruit of who they really are in the days ahead because the ministry will die."And I said, "Whoa, that's a hard word, but that's what You warned me about."Does that make sense?
And it shook me because I told my boy, I said, "Listen, no matter what happens to me, you better get a revelation of who Jesus is to you.
Don't ever ride on daddy's coattails thinking you could ride on my faith.
You must find Him by yourself, son. You must have a revelation."I told Dina the same thing. I said, "You never can ride.
If God forbid anything happened to me, you must know Him intimately by yourself, not just what Brandon knows or whatever."And we talk about it that way. You must find Him.
And she said, "That's right."Having an intimate relationship with the Father by yourself, regardless of your spouse, regardless of who you are, you must have it.
And Diana has it. She seeks Him more than I do. She has more prayer time than I do.
I go, "Look at you, girl."But you know, listening to the Word, stirring yourself up and keeping that fire going. Wow.
"Why does it keep going like that, honey?""It goes because you stop it because you're scrolling up and then it stops automatically scrolling for you."Oh, is that how it does that?
Yeah. So, you can tell I don't know what I'm doing. You have your thumb on it so it stays there.
Seek God. When will you visit San Antonio, Texas? I don't know. I've been to San Antonio one time. I've been to the Alamo.
And the Lord taught me about the witchcraft that goes on around the Alamo and the things that were there.
And I saw that about the blood sacrifices that happened with the Alamo.
It was funny because every single time, He always teaches me things when I go into these cities, and I'm able to go in about the Alamo and the things that happened there.
And there's darkness around that. But it's interesting. When will you have a physical meeting?
I don't know. I never thought about having a physical meeting.
Billy asked me to do some things maybe, and I've been praying about that, doing prayer and things.
I don't know if he wanted me to do it with him or whatever, but I never think about it.
Would you even show up if I had it? I mean, I don't want to be the only one there.
You go, 'Brandon has a meeting,'and nobody comes. You're out there by yourself and there's two people there.
I'll be like, 'Well, we would still have fun.'I'm there no matter how many people are there as long as the Holy Spirit's there.
'Lock down anytime'—CTF, what does that mean? 'Lock down anytime'is that they only had like 10 people in the service and it was Holy Ghost amazing.
How do you know what God has called me to do? How do you know the mission God has for me?
What bothers you the most? What are you passionate about? Does sickness bother you the most?
Does pastoral stuff bother you the most? What drives you inside?
God gives you the desires of your heart. The lost would be pastoral type stuff.
He pushed those desires there. So that's what I go by. Prayer was something that I was drawn to.
I was hungry for it. So I do healing, evangelism, things like that.
I went to Benny Hinn. I went to those meetings. I was drawn to it.
It was the glory. I wanted the presence. I wanted something authentic.
How did you leave your full-time job? I feel God's calling in my ministry but don't know how to go about it.
Thank you. Find you like eBay. We still do it; we haven't let eBay go. We're doing full-time.
We pray for two hours—this is going on three hours—but we still work.
We do eBay and Poshmark. Diana and I still go out and find stuff every once in a while.
We like it. Find something that you like to do and it's not work when you have a full-time job.
Ministry came out of being free, being able to work for yourself.
I didn't have to wake up and go to my job—like tomorrow at one o'clock in the morning—and go, 'Hey, we need to go to bed because we got to get up.'Because we work for ourselves.
And like I said, being rich is irrelevant to what you consider rich. How much money do you need to make it?
I look at just having my bills paid, where God has for us to be able to say, 'Hey, I got a new shirt through this and then I can flip it and put it on eBay and sell it.'You don't understand; I don't think like a lot of y'all do.
Like say you get a hoodie all the time—I'll flip it, I'll put it on eBay and I'll sell it.
But I don't tell you my accounts because I don't want you to be weird and buy it and get bad feedback.
So I don't tell a lot of people my accounts. I look at this as just another means to make money.
You get it for a good deal or you find it on eBay and you flip it.
You find a good thrift store and I find stuff, and I don't keep it.
That's why you don't see me wear a lot of things twice, because Diana and I are always thinking how can you get things and flip them?
But you always look nice and sharp on the video. We find things thrifting a lot.
Yes. And Lululemon and things like that sell for cheap. You can find them at thrift stores—it's amazing.
I always find things and people get mad. 'What brand do you wear?'I wear a lot of Lululemon t-shirts because they flip.
Yeah, they're liberal, but whatever. It's a color. I try not to get into all that stuff.
You can't wear nothing. 'Polo's liberal; all these people are going to hell.'I mean, it's just the world.
Are you done? You pretty bored? I don't want it. Block the trolls, please.
What trolls, son? I think you really are enjoying this chat.
Well, I never get to see this part of it. He's getting really into it.
I'm just going, 'Look at all this going on over here. This is like a party.'There's even more.
There's only 4,600 people there. So they all went home. They're like, 'We're bored.
We're getting out of here.'How did you know that? Let's do it.
God says, 'Yes, have a meeting, Brandon.'Believe in him. Healing already gave you head of the new music.
Only the Lord knows. Come to Cleveland, Tennessee. I thought about it because Perry is there.
I don't know if some of these people like me; I'm just being real with you.
If I went to Cleveland and I went to Perry's church, maybe he doesn't like me.
That's a lot of my insecurities, thinking if I showed up at Perry's church, he's like, 'I don't like that guy.
Get him out of here.'You don't know. I just don't try to impose on anybody.
I just show up and say, 'Hey, if I see Billy Burke there, I'll go and visit.'But I don't know if some of these ministers even think I'm authentic or whatever.
If the Lord said for us to go, we would go. No, I don't see 24 angels. No, I see them. I see them when the Lord allows me to.
Like I saw that angel that I told you all about for several hours afterward and he talked to us.
And then it just lifted; the mantle of how I see comes on like a cloak. I feel it.
I always tell her I can feel it when it comes on and I feel it when it lifts off.
When that glory comes on me, I feel it and then I start seeing.
It lasts sometimes hours, sometimes just a couple minutes.
But when it comes on me heavy, I see a lot. I can see it on people.
I can see stuff. But it only happens whenever the Lord wills.
I don't control it. It's only when he says it's okay and he allows it.
If he wants me, I don't see all the time. It's only whenever the anointing comes on.
Like that time whenever you overheard what the angel said. He allowed you to hear that.
I can hear conversations. The Lord allows me when I get underneath that anointing; I hear conversations.
I can hear people when they are talking trash about me. The Lord allows me to hear their conversations and he'll say, 'They're not authentic.
They don't like you. They talk trash about you, Brandon.'And he'll allow me to hear their conversations in their house.
And he'll say, 'This is what they're saying. You need to know that they're two-faced.'And he'll tell me stuff like that.
And it happens. It happens a lot, doesn't it? And I hear exactly what they're saying and I even can repeat it back.
I say, 'This is what you said.'I think they probably wet their pants.
But I never embarrass them. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
You understand? Love bears up in anything and everything that comes.
He doesn't do it to gossip or to run a person down. He's warning you because he loves you to stay away from them.
Don't allow them into your house. Don't allow these people to talk to you.
They are two-faced. Okay, thanks. But you can hear it. And it happens a lot more now that I'm underneath this anointing.
It comes on me. I'll stop after it's over and it takes a little bit for it to lift off of me sometimes and it makes me tired.
It'll be on sometimes three and four hours after I'm done praying and I can feel the glory.
It hasn't come on really tonight. I haven't felt it a lot. He lets me have little partial visions.
He gives me breaks, but when that anointing comes on and that glory comes on, it's spot on. I can see so clear and it's really cool actually.
Brandon, do you think God is creating angels every day or do you think they have been created already?
I don't know. That's a good question. I wouldn't put any limits on God.
I know that the galaxies in the universe are expanding every day. When I went to heaven and I saw that, it was in that room.
All of the galaxy, the universe, was in a room, and the Lord put it in a dimension and showed me how he did it.
He said, "I want to show you how it's all being created still."And he shrunk it all down in front of my face.
I'll never forget that moment. He showed me—everyone thinks the world is flat. It is not flat.
People get really ticked off about that, but I'm telling you, I was there with him and I saw the globe.
I saw it, and he showed me how he made all of it and put it in his hand.
It's shrunken down by dimension; he takes it and is able to move it like Play-Doh in his hand.
I watched him do it, and he took it and said, "I want to show you that it's still being created."It was moving so fast, at 186,000 miles per second.
"Is that right?""186,282.""Yeah, you got it right, miles."It was moving so fast in front of my face, but it was moving so slow to Father.
186,000 miles per second is slow to Him. He had it, and it was moving. It was growing all in front of me.
But it wasn't just growing in one direction; it was growing in every direction, and it was moving so slow at 186,000. He controls time, and it was moving and bending.
He put it inside of a room that was all white, and he said, "It's never going to stop."It's all moving really fast in our natural eye, but in His, it was moving so slow.
It was in a room, and it was white and beautiful—the dimensions of it, how He created it.
And he said, "I created this for you so that whenever you die, after the thousand years, you'll have a galaxy assigned to you."I know it's mind-blowing, but I'm telling you what he said.
Every single one of us will have our own galaxy. And he said, "I've created you to rule and reign in the stars, Braden."I thought, "Wow."And that's after the thousand years.
Most people ask, "Why is He still creating?"It's all happening.
I don't get into all that, but I'll tell you what I saw. I was there, and I saw Heaven.
I saw Heaven and Earth colliding, and the glory, and all the things.
She said, "Really?"See, you can only say so much because people choke on it. They go, "I can't take it.
I'm choking on the bone."They've already decided that you're full of crap.
They don't want to listen to it. But I just say, "Whatever."I'm not here to try to make you happy. There have been a lot of wonderful questions.
"Brandon, can you explain Father, Son, and Holy Spirit when you were in Heaven?"Father, Son, and Holy Spirit—they are all separate, but they're one.
Jesus, the Father, and the Holy Spirit. They are all separate, but they're one.
The Holy Spirit looks like fire. I want to hear you talk. I've talked too much; I'm getting tired.
No, I was just going to say the way I explained it to my kids is there's a children's book called Three in One, and it talks about the apple.
They're all parts of the apple, but it's still an apple. I like that.
That's how I taught them about the Trinity. The peel is God, the core is God, the flesh is God.
They're all separate parts of the apple, but they're all one God. People are asking more about creation.
I could tell you a lot of stuff about it, all the things that I've seen. Has God released me to prophesy over individuals?
If he told me to, but I don't feel like I walk in a prophetic gift like that. I don't claim to be a prophet.
People call me a prophet all the time: "Brandon, you're a prophet."I just don't get the titles; I just want to flow.
I don't want to be in that persona; I just want to be with Jesus.
If people want to say I'm a prophet, whatever, but I just say I'm a watchman.
I sit and watch. Is a watchman a prophet? Basically, in the Bible, it is.
But at the same time, I don't want to be self-proclaimed. I don't want to bring static or weirdness.
I just want to pray with you all. I think it's interesting. People like names and titles.
I do prophesy over individuals; I give words to people. Like the lady in the church he tells them to—but not everything you see, you talk about.
There was a lady in the church, and the pastor was praying for her.
I saw a download about her while standing right next to her. The anointing came on me and I felt it, but I didn't say anything.
I saw all about her 2026; I saw what was going to happen in her life. I saw everything, but I did not say a thing.
Even the pastor said, "You should have said that."I didn't feel I should; I never overstep my boundary.
I always respect the role of the pastor wherever we go. The gift is there; it comes on like a cloak, but it doesn't mean you're supposed to talk at their church.
I honor and I respect people. I don't go in there and say, "Look at me, I'm coming here to give your people a word."People get arrogant, and it's not that way.
Please don't email and ask for prophetic words. People get really rude about stuff like that.
I don't know Pastor Philip Anthony Michael, and I don't know that Wormwood.
God took my spirit. "Praise the Lord, Brandon and his family.
You are such an encouragement to our family."Pride—that is pride.
Isn't that arrogant, to go in there and try to take over someone's church?
If the anointing comes on and I were to grab their microphone and start prophesying, they'd say, "Yeah, we need you to leave.
Bye-bye."I don't think God would respect that anyway. What's the difference between spirit, soul, and body?
Your mind, will, and emotions. I'll say something really controversial: "Can a Christian be oppressed with a demonic spirit?
Can a Christian have a demonic presence and have to go through deliverance?"Yes, they can. People get ticked about that too in a lot of circles.
But they're not possessing your spirit; they're not possessing you like the madman of Gadara.
There's an oppression that comes on people, and they walk through deliverance. I've seen it and I've walked through it myself.
I was working for the ministry I talked about earlier, and I had eight of them inside of me, and God set me free.
I was bad. Where do you go to church? I know you all know that. We go to a lot of places.
Do you fast often? How do you increase spiritual growth? Yes, fast a lot, but it's not always the same thing—food.
It's like I try to tell her, it's not. It could be your phone. Fast your phone. It's like always looking at Instagram, Facebook, X.
I say I'm fasting that, I'm just going to pay attention to reading my Bible today seeking him.
But it's not always just or sweets like me. You could get rid of sweets.
Say, 'I'm not going to eat that.'She said, 'Oh, forget it.'How do you prepare for the storm?
Pray and seek him. All right. Everybody's saying yes about what?
You're showing up too about when you're freeing the oppressed.
Oh, yeah. It happens. And people don't realize that. People perish for a lack of knowledge.
They don't have a clue of how much the demonic tries to attach itself to you.
You open up and, men, you're looking at porn at night and you're looking at stuff and your wife's in bed and you're up while she's asleep and you're looking at bad stuff on the internet, or wives doing vice versa, and you're opening to the devil and he'll come in.
You give the devil an inch and he'll take over your whole life and you go, 'Well, I'm still addicted to porn. I'm still addicted to alcohol.
I'm still addicted to these things.'It's because you have a demonic stronghold and you need deliverance.
And people don't realize that you give the devil room and he'll take your life over with all kinds of demonic stuff.
It's like a flame of fire and you don't even realize it. Please answer what?
Brenda Walker. Is that right? Wills? Brenda? I don't know what she's even asking.
She is saying, 'Please answer.'What am I supposed to answer? How can you heal the holes in your umbrella? Repent.
If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then they will hear from heaven and he will heal our land.
That's the only way you're going to ever heal the umbrella. The covering that God gives us is healed by what his word says if you repent and turn from your wicked ways.
God is ever able to fix it all. A nation that repents is a whole nation.
Repentance is to turn away from, not to keep walking in sin and thinking you're okay.
Well, you know, it's okay, brother. It's under grace. I don't believe in the grace message like that. Too much sloppy grace.
And I tell you, a lot of the people you see preaching that sloppy grace message are the ones going to be left here in tribulation because I saw them here and I can tell you the ones I saw when I was with Jesus.
But the Lord said, 'Do not say their names.'I was there and they preached sloppy, watered-down grace and they're, 'Oh, you can live how you want to live.'No.
Once saved, always saved? It's always under the blood, brother?
You're full of it. You're going to get left. You must repent and turn from your wicked ways.
There's no once saved, always saved. Yes, I'll have a live New Year's Eve.
I have nothing else to do. It'll be fun. We can pray for a while.
I won't do it for so long because I like to sit and pray. I like to hear.
It's a moment. I won't do it at midnight. If I do it, I'll do it after midnight.
There's a moment I have with the Holy Ghost every year that nobody knows, that is very precious to me, and we talk.
So, are you ready to quit? I'm going to go check on my—I'm good.
I'm tired. All right. Well, I hope that was a blessing to you all.
I'm done. I'm going to go and finish my night out. It's one o'clock.
I'm tired. Can you be delivered from demons by yourself? I don't know what to say about that.
I have to think about that one. There's a lot of questions here. These are good, huh? There's a lot of good questions.
I guess we could go on and on for hours, but it's kind of redundant.
This is the longest live I think we've ever done. Yeah, I know. It's going on four hours.
I'm going to have all kinds of your algorithms all ticked off about this one.
'I can't spend four hours on a VOD stream. What are you doing?'I'll be like, 'I'm sorry, honey.
Just wait 10 more minutes.'Yeah. Come on, guys. We'll just really freak them out, won't we?
You're going to have all the real haters get really upset about it.
They'll go, 'What are you doing?'You can go on, baby. Go. Sorry, I got—you're fine, love.
Bye, everybody. Don't knock my camera over. Okay, biscuit.
Don't knock it over. Good night, sweet dreams. God bless. Oh, okay.
I'm only a couple percent of battery anyway. Thank you. It was a great service.
Well, do you both pray more? Do you do individual prayers? Thank you, Braden and Diana.
How do you do self-deliverance? I don't know about self-deliverance.
Do you still ask? I never thought—I guess you just tell it to get out.
If you had a devil—and I mean a critter—and you need help, I would fast and pray and I would get in heavy intercession and I would tell it to leave.
I mean, it can't stay. You have power and authority over the devil.
If you are demonically oppressed and you've got stuff attached to you, tell it to go.
Submit yourself therefore unto God. Resist the devil and he will flee.
So, yeah, that's self-deliverance. Submit yourself there unto God.
Submit yourself. Father, I submit myself to you. I resist the devil.
Now he must go. That's in your thought life. That's in everything you do.
If I resist the devil, he must flee. So yeah, you can. Why could you not?
The Bible says it. James 4:7. Will all kids be taken in the Rapture?
Yes, underneath the age of 15. Did you enjoy it? She said this was fun.
I don't know why I did it. We ground wheat tonight. I guess cut all this off.
You know, if you make it too long for some of them—I want them to get the meat.
This is just us talking. Maybe it'll bless somebody. You can cut it up in pieces.
I don't know what you want to do. I showed them about the prayer channel.
A lot of people coming on. There's 4,100 people still on here listening to this.
I need to check to see if anybody tried to text me. Nope. See, not that important.
Resist the devil and he will flee. Yes, that's exactly right.
That's self-deliverance. Get out of here, devil. Can you continue what you were saying?
The Holy Spirit is green fire. Yeah, I've said it. I linked to a video.
I don't know what angels I see. They never identify themselves.
They never say, 'I'm a cherubim.'They never tell me. They're always different, though.
I can tell you that. And some angels are scary. They're huge and they're really scary.
Well, God bless y'all. What you give attention to the most is what's going to grow in your life.
I don't talk about the devil. I don't give place to the devil.
So, we don't talk about him in my house. And I experience a lot of demonic stuff, y'all.
But I don't give a lot of voice to it. What you speak about the most becomes bigger in your life.
Your words are powerful. Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
And the more you give glory to the devil, the more he becomes big.
The more you give glory to God, the greater the glory becomes in your life.
The glorious church, the glory. What has Jesus done for me? I don't focus on what the devil tried to do. He's an idiot. You've got to not focus on him so much.
When you lay hands on somebody and you are in fear and they have some demonic spirit, those demonic spirits draw energy from your fear.
Faith is faith. Fear is faith in the ability of that devil having more power over you.
You cannot have fear and faith. Perfect love casteth out all fear.
Fear cannot exist and be in faith at the same time. You've got to cast it out.
I will not fear. Perfect love casteth out all fear. Fear has torment.
You have faith in the ability of God to deliver you. Or do you have faith in the ability of the devil to destroy you?
I'm a believing believer that doesn't have faith in the ability of the devil to do anything.
That's why I walk in boldness. You say a lot of crazy bold things because I'm just not going to think about it.
I have more faith. I'm going just keep casting down every high imagination to exalt itself above the word of God.
I cast it out. I'm not even going to think about what the devil can do.
He doesn't have any power and authority over me. I don't give him any power and authority.
He's not going to do anything to me because I have Jesus on the inside of me.
And Jesus is greater. Greater is he that is in me than he that's in the world.
How does your hospital do witchcraft? What kind of hospital are you in?
How tall were people before the flood? I don't know. But Noah had a big nose and big ears.
He didn't look tall to me. He looked like a little elf. He had a huge nose and huge ears.
He was wearing a weird-looking hat. I don't know. All right, I'm bored with this now.
I'm tired. We'll do a Q&A again sometime. I think it'll bless y'all, and you can think about some questions you can ask.
Think of some good ones. Father, we just thank you, Lord, for every single one of them. Father, I lift them up today.
Father, as they're going into their days, as they go into their nights, wherever they are, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you give them increase.
It's really late. Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blessing and the favor of the Lord is on them.
They're empowered to prosper. They're blessed in their spirits, their minds, and their marriages.
They're blessed in all that they put their hands to. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bless them indeed.
Increase their land, enlarge their territory that they cause no pain.
I thank you, Father, that they're called to the kingdom for such a time as this. And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
I haven't asked you all to do this tonight: Please like, please subscribe, click the notification bell.
We really would appreciate it. Thank you for helping support us and all the love and the donation things.
You've all been so kind tonight. Thank you for being a part of our YouTube channel.
We'll see you again probably tomorrow. I pray for the tree lighting ceremony and things like that.
This was really a long livestream. I hope you enjoyed it. It's kind of different.
We showed you a lot of things that we normally wouldn't do. God bless you all.
Remember, we love you. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you. We love you. God bless you all. We'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.